Source URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ttZEC6khZ0
Video ID: 7ttZEC6khZ0
======================================================================

Alrighty, we are in for a beautiful session with a rather popular face. If you don't know him, we've got Eric Malowski over here. [Music] >> We are going to be talking about how he has been one of the most successful agencies in the world and that >> we have now reached a level of outbound volume across all of our customers that we are now breaking the normal processes of most tools. >> We use a ton of data points, right? you mentioned over 20 data points um to feed your system. >> We need staging, we need enrichment, and then we need production. Production is the easiest cuz it's just smart. The middleware between that is clay. And the biggest lesson I would have for people is open up a superbase account and start caching your your data. And that's basically like one of the biggest unlocks that that we found for ourselves. Last month on our smart lead account, we did like 5.2 million. So across everything, we were probably approaching encroaching 6 million emails. One big thing that I've learned is to always be thinking about error handling. >> How the hell this man somehow manages to personalize at 6 million quality emails every single month. What is up everyone? We're back again for a beautiful episode with um the ever so famous and powerlter Eric Noas Lowski with the hair at the back and muscles to die for and automations to kill for. We are going to be talking about how he has built one of the most successful agencies in the world. And that is why if you're watching this video now or later, he's one of the core people and agency owners speaking at the Clay Sculpt event among some of the brightest minds in our space from Anthropic to OpenAI to Cursor. So Eric, thank you again for jumping on. Can we kick off? >> Absolutely. Thanks so much for the the overzealous introduction. Thank you. >> Of course. That's part of the job, my friends. Part of the job. Um, anyone who gets me Chick-fil-A gets that intro. Um, >> sweet. So, first question, mate. Um, we were just talking about this. You use a ton of data points, right? You mentioned over 20 data points um to feed your system. Before we jump into the stack, what's how do you think about data with respect to your start of the engine, mid of the engine, end of the engine? Like how important is data compared to your CRM? How important is that to your sequencer? How important is that to your I guess enricher? >> Yeah. So, let's start with my biases because there's definitely people out there who know. It's so funny when I tell people that I run a marketing agency, they're like, "Oh, you must do this." I'm like, "Not at all." And they're like, "Do you do this?" I'm like, "Not at all either." And it's so funny how like so specific we are in specifically this marketing. So, our bias is towards top ofunnel outbound prospecting, just getting prospects who have never heard of us before, sending a lot of emails, and then getting hand raisers from there. So, I don't even really use CRM in the way that CRM are meant to be used. We pass that for our customers to be able to use. So what's crazy and this is what we're talking about before we we started recording is we have now reached a level of outbound volume across all of our customers. It's not just one customer that does it to us but across a bunch of our customers that we are now breaking the normal processes of most tools. Even like the fact that on enterprise plans on clay everybody can do this. You could pull 50,000 contacts into a clay table. that's just not fast enough for some of our customers to be able to pull things in. So, we just came up with this process. So, it's funny I'm talking about this. What we've discovered is we need staging, we need enrichment, and then we need production. And so, very quickly, I know everybody goes one, two, three, but production is the easiest because it's just smart lead. The middleware between that is clay. And then sometimes we're doing the data sourcing inside of Clay, but then a lot of times we are taking two or three hours depending on the size of the customer and we're actually opening up a $15 HubSpot account for them. And because a lot of people don't know this, you can open up a $15 HubSpot account. We are not exploiting anything. By their rules, you can have 15 million contacts in this HubSpot account. And what we'll do is we will take two hours or so and process a lot of the data through some data sources like Apollo or scrape uh LinkedIn or we'll use the clay data or whatever it is and then just pack that Apollo now pack that HubSpot with either a bunch of contacts that are relevant for us or a bunch of companies and so then that becomes our staging area where then we basically say okay um for this customer and they need a dedicated HubSpot because otherwise the API limitations for this customer. We have uh let's call it 800,000 companies that we could possibly reach out to. We add a property to the company and we say, "Have we already process this in their first batch or not? What is it?" Blah blah blah. And then we use Clay's automated scheduling to then be able to suck in 50,000 records from HubSpot, process all of them with the find people searches and all these things. And then Clay does all of that enrichment after we process the company and then we process the people. And we obviously process the company first so that you don't have to, you know, triple process the company data afterwards and you just keep the lookup square and together and uh and then we're pushing everything through the enrichments and then sending them through to to Smartle. And for anybody who's then listening to this and they're saying, "Oh, but Clay's find people data isn't on par with some of the other tools." that is just a acceptable mess that we just take on where it's just like hey I also think if we were to get all of our data from Apollo um a lot of people don't see it but the derived data points inside of clay >> is a new thing that they added to the enriched company function and uh when you're finding companies you don't even have to pay for these data points the data points are so crazy there's like what's their pricing structure are they B2B who do they sell nationally They give you a better description than the LinkedIn company description. There's so many things in there that you can filter off of that I think we're probably misargeting some people because of Apollo company filters, which on them like that's I'm actually still a fan of Apollo and we have an Apollo account. It's just for everything that we might be including too much of in Apollo. I think we're better targeting in by using this clay methodology. And then if we miss contacts, that's fine. If we really feel like we need to get back because of the smart lead API, we can also just go back and process the Apollo contacts and see if there's anybody that we missed and then look up to see if the lead has ever been added to a campaign that shares the client's ID. And that's how we can go one pass through and get this large data warehouse of all this data done, but then also come back around and make sure that we've rehit truly their entire market before we have to restart reusing lists. So now this is crazy because I'm talking to the guy that when we first started I was like vibbaf how much do I charge and how do I do it and and you help get started and now >> where you are right now man. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. And now it's so crazy that we we have to literally be creating data warehouses per customer for some of for probably about like nine customers we we've done this for so that we can process this on in a timely manner and make sure we're staying ahead of their leads. So, we're a little bit different with like how much volume we're pumping through. Um, we've broken a lot of API endpoints, sent a lot of emails of like, I won't pay you money to go faster. Like, please just go faster. Um, and so it's it's uh like now it's m very much a much more organized operation to be getting much more high volume uh >> nice >> data through these campaigns. >> Nice. Um, Eric and I, we built a special deal with Smart Lead, but um, regardless of that, the thing he got the most happiest about was when we jacked his API limits up. >> That was when he got the most happy. So, just for your reference, he's a absolute nerd with this and they absolutely hammer our API and we love >> that. Uh, me to the next question. Um, let's talk about your clay to smart lead workflow. I think you sort of walked us through that to a decent chunk, right? I have like a Wi-Fi by a regular internet provider and then I have Starlink and Starlink is the emergency one. And I was just on the regular internet provider, but I'll switch to Starlink and see if that works better. Um, it's so important that we spam >> it's so important that we spam people that I have two internet providers at my house. That is like how how important this is. Um, okay, maybe we just redo that question. Sorry. >> Oh, your ATM machine. I love it. Um, yeah. No, the question uh the question I was sort of running into was we sort of just jumped into it, but just just let's poke a little further. Walk me through your clay to smart lead workflow cuz I feel like you've got such a unique setup compared to most and so many people can actually learn off that. Like >> walk me through a specific example of how you move data through your system from initial prospecting to final email delivery. Just let's just pick one sample. I think people will go nuts over this. >> Yeah. And so and the biggest lesson I would have for people is open up a superbase account and start caching your your data. And that's basically like the one of the biggest unlocks that that we found for ourselves. >> And the reason I say >> as in the postcris the postcris one is it >> which one what' you say? >> Uh superbase as in the post oh sup the postcrist one right the the one >> yeah superbase.com. >> Yeah yeah yeah okay got it. Okay. So, I've already been told I've already been told that it's going to get buggy at our size and we need to move to Snowflake or whatever, but >> yeah. Yeah, >> data engineering nerds can figure that out for me one day. So, we our data pipeline to this point most of the time is pulling data from Apollo and either we're staging it in that HubSpot that we were just talking about or then we're just putting it directly into Clay for processing. And whether we stage it in HubSpot and it gets put into Clay for processing automatically or we're manually importing the CSV, both of the processes are the same. And so the first thing that we have to do because we're so email heavy is our email verification waterfall. And so this is why I think no matter who you are, you should be caching your data because clay is very much a middleware. It's not like the benefit of Apollo is as soon as you unlock a credit, you have that credit unlocked all the time. They're going to remember that for you. You own that credit. It is what it is. Boom. You're you're ready to go. >> In Clay, they don't have that process. It's a completely different tool. And so one of the things that we started doing was we were saying, "Hey, we're processing so much email validation data and we're we're definitely paying over and over again for these email accounts." So the first thing that we do is we uh will run through and we will first look up the Apollo email in our Superbase account and see, okay, hey, have we ever looked up this email before? And this circles back for in a little bit, but have we ever looked up this email before? If yes, when was the last time it was verified? If it was verified in the last 90 days and the domains match of the person that we uploaded, we're pretty set to just send people um uh that email again. Then if we don't have a lookup, we then verify it with Lead Magic first because Lead Magic is just the fastest provider with the the best outputs that we've seen. So we'll verify it with lead magic first. We have and this is this is another really interesting lesson that we learned with Clay. There is a Easter egg of a formula that you can it's called like get status of cell or something like that. It was one of my LinkedIn posts and maybe we could put it in the show notes. >> What we will then do is if lead magic fails because we ran out of credits, we then move to Prospio's verification. And if Prospio fails because we ran out of credits, then we move to million verifiers verification. So even on our email verification side, we're playing this game of like even if there's a failure, but and then you have to use the get sell status one because you can't just do like, oh, if email is not verified from lead magic, verify it again because you're just going to keep getting the same results and you're just going to keep paying over and over again. So we have three verification steps to make sure that none of them fail. And then million verifier has topups and is super cheap. So that's always the the end one there. Then again, whatever we don't validate from Apollo and we don't look up, then we go through our email waterfall to try to find them. So then in that order, we go lead magic again for speed. And they just released this new feature, which is the first email provider I've ever seen to release a feature that they're looking up the employment history of the person as well, too. And if they have a valid email but they've moved on to another company, they're, you know, telling us about that. Then we go Prospio because we're like OG Prospio fans. And then we go ICPS. I think ICPS in our testing has done if ICPS says it's valid, the likelihood that it's valid is the the highest thing. >> The highest >> and then try kit at the end of that as well. than two. All of these baked into the conditional formulas of if we run out of credits of any of them, just keep moving on. >> And then we get all of the emails from those. If like lead magic finds an email, we're not finding another one with Try Kit because we're just taking one shot at it. Then one more time through with Million Verifier. And then our email verification step is almost done. Then we're just dumping all of that data back into Superbase where we just do a lookup and we say, "Hey, here's today's date." Send all the data to Superbase, cache all of it. So if we found any new emails, great. If we updated any emails, great. Cash all of that data. >> And then um what we will then regularly do is then some people are like, "Well, how do you why are you doing the lookup on the Apollo email address?" It's because regularly we will run a Python script to unite our Superbase and HubSpot data because then there's another quirk for the nerds out there that HubSpot integrates perfectly with Apollo. And so any email address you have with a first name, last name, and some other parameters, >> right? >> You can then unite your Apollo data with your HubSpot data and then we can constantly keep those email addresses. So anytime we're sucking out email addresses, we have this like >> circle of just keeping all of this data really really fresh, no exploits, this is all like this is how they want you. >> Yeah. This is how they want you to be using the platform. And so then that's how like if we find a new email for somebody, we know that we're like looking up another good email in Apollo and we're keeping that data fresh. And then um and then in order to get into smart lead basically from there it just depends on what the campaign then we tell the team you cannot launch a campaign. You cannot launch any enrichment without a conditional formula for like master email column is not empty and that's the the final validation of the email column. So then we're not wasting any money on things past that. And then it just really depends on what the campaign calls for. A tip that I've talked about all the time that I'll just mention is we never write the full email and then send it to Smartle. We always are just doing like little snippets and then AI generating the parts that we need cuz you don't like you you the more words that you output with AI, the more risk that you're taking. And so you don't need to output every time. I saw on your website that you help people with email outreach. You need to output email outreach. So like just keep I saw you help people static and then just AI generate the rest of it and then we're pushing >> sorry I'm seeing you because you've you verbatim if you look at the smart rider codebase that's verbatim what I do that's like one to one like this was 5 years ago prompt engineering like when we're doing smart that's like we do static plus dynamic because you give AI even a little bit of flexibility and just does stupid right so >> and then I also see that if we also tell it so technically Technically, we're AI generating that line sometimes because technically I saw on your website that you help people is technically AI generated, but we will prompt it and say do not change this part. This is the prefix that you need to start with every single time. >> So then also it like knows what the sentence is going to be. So then it outputs better things from there as well too. Yeah. When I was working at Clay that was like maybe one of the first things that I discovered that I was like, "Oh, you need a prefix here so you can like control the message and what it's looking like." So, but so yes, that's I mean and so for people who are like, "Yeah, but Eric, you send we last month on our Smartle account, we did like 5.2 million." So, across everything, we were probably croaching encroaching six million emails. And so, people might be saying like, "Oh, you know, this is just for you." But you you reuse a lot more data than you might think. And I think everyone could really take advantage of having a $15 a month Superbase account. Even if now we don't really save like in a perfect world I would like to be saving we use clay to find case studies on people's websites pretty often that's just like one of my favorite clients to do I would like to be caching that data in a superb basease somewhere we just haven't really gotten it there but that's like things that if I were restarting I would start those processes as well to just if you've got the data already don't you know give it up just keep it so it sounds complicated but caching your data is something that I recommend everybody do. And then if somebody's like, "Well, why don't you just use a CRM?" The API just isn't fast enough at our scale and it usually starts blocking things. And so you can always have a data warehouse or for again $20 a month and then have it write Python scripts to just over time just keep your other CRM stuff updated. Um because the API just doesn't run fast enough on the like because we also have a $15 HubSpot plan. Like it's just not running fast enough or $20, whatever we pay. So anyway, it sounds complicated but a lot of the recommendations I have there in the redundancies of the verification providers in the redundancies and making sure that not just like if it doesn't find anything you have a redundancy if it errors you have a redundancy a proper waterfall system on a bunch of catchalls like try catches right like if it fails you've always got a mechanism so your system's buttery smooth you've never got a blocker so honestly kudos >> exactly >> that's absolutely that's actually really really good um Jesus all right whoever is watching rewind, go through that cuz I assure you that's going to be something that if you do that, that's that's massive game changer cuz you've completely verified your leads. You got your clean lead set, you're going to go ahead and set up a vocals SQL setup for your superbase side. Oh boy. Okay, lovely, lovely. I am going to just take that high and go into the next part, which is great. Yeah. Yeah. >> 6 million males, right? If you're pumping through six million males, I'm going to break this down in two questions. one SL does your inbox rotation and and bulk sending and all that jazz the analytics for you what's your current architecture with respect to domains inboxes how do you manage that complexity part A you're welcome to drop it into part B which is how do you handle deliverability at this uh at the scale >> yeah well and I think both of them are basically tied together so the biggest thing is I probably got to 50k MR or something tracking opens the entire time. We never turned off open tracking. And the reason being is I'll never forget this customer. We were getting leads for this customer all the time. And we would track open rates still. And I was like, "Huh, I you know, it feels like 4 days since we got a lead. What the heck is happening?" Their overall open rate said 60%. So I was like, "Okay, this is totally fine, whatever." And then we still weren't getting them leads. So I was like, "Let me let me click on this." And I clicked on it and it was just we had such great deliverability. And then the last two weeks we're getting like a 20% open rate that overall I didn't see it in the overall campaign statistics. And so I really like tracking open rates so that we always have knowledge of is this landing in spam or is this landing in inbox. >> Now in today's deliverability where you send uh a tracking pixel and people are getting that gray bar that shows up saying like hey do you want to mark this as spam as something >> I really love that. So what we started doing is two things. one, we basically if the email reputation in the smart lead warm-up pool drops below 98%, we're pulling that inbox out of all of the campaigns. And so we we just find >> So you're hyper sensitive. Okay. >> Yeah. So as I've just found as soon as there's a little bit of an issue in the warm-up pool, the prospects are feeling it a ton. >> And then the second thing that we just built and so we're automatically running that on a daily basis. So, as soon as something goes below 100%, we're pulling that out immediately. Then what we will also do is every Thursday and Friday, and we're actually thinking about just doing it on Fridays because we're getting enough good data on this. It's already the lowest reply rate day of the week. We're automatically going through our campaigns. We could turn this on per client. We don't have to turn it on for every campaign for every client. We will automatically go in and turn on open tracking for their campaigns. So then we can get a report on Saturday of okay, did they get we're looking for over a 40% open rate is really what we're looking for. And if it drops below 40%. Then we have this automated, but I sometimes like to just look at it myself so I also can just see what's going on. We then will pull out a lot of times if you're getting a 40% open rate or below a 40% open rate. You have some inboxes that are getting a 60% open rate and some inboxes that are getting a 15% open rate. Now, I've gotten haters in the past who tell me, "Well, it's totally possible to go to spam and still trigger the automatic open thing." And it's like, "Yeah, I guess so." But every time I've purged the campaigns of the 15% open rate inboxes and then left it with the over 40% ones, our reply rates go up. So, you got me. But at the same time, the effect still work. And so in order to manage this uh that's we're doing both the inbox reputation within and then also the uh the open rate because we tried doing reply rates per inboxes and like keeping track of out of offices but it's like if you're sending on one inbox especially with hypertide you're sending like 15 emails a week from each inbox it gets kind of tough to really say like oh this one is burnt because it didn't receive any replies or anything like that. So, um, that's why we opt for the the open rate slash the inbox reputation. >> Okay, fair play. So, warm-up score, um, open rate, surprisingly, that's a fun one. And, um, just, yeah, I guess keeping a very strong pulse on the analytics. If the open rates drops, you know, you're using that as a as a quick pull out. And then do you rotate when you rotate the leads, are you okay with the fact that the leads will be left halfway hanging and then you put in another mailbox that sort of carries on with a separate uh uh login. >> So one because in my opinion email one is more important than anything else. So, I don't really care that because technically that lead is stuck now and it's going to just move to completed in smart lead because you've pulled out that inbox >> and I don't really care at all about that because we will resequence these people again. Like we're we're probably coming back to them. We're only sending one or two maybe three emails in a sequence these days. And so then we will be back. We will hit these people again. It's fine. just the the effort that we would have to like then set up a system to resequence these people perfectly and make sure they got email to, but it wasn't a threaded email and like all that other stuff is just not something that we we really think about. >> Fair play. Makes sense, man. Makes sense. I've got one last question for this episode. Well, actually two. I was lying. Um, you're one of the power users for our APIs, right? Let's There's no two ways to sort of call that out. um what advantages or how do you use Smartly's API integrations for your broader data stack or is it just kind of what you walked me through which is you use it for your analytics you use it for ingesting and inputting uh data do you use it for replies do you use it for anything else use it for any automations outside so we I'm trying to get to a world where I would love for people to just never even have to sign into smart lead because you have so many APIs. >> Um, so we are using it for the analytics. We are probably even using it wrong for the analytics because since we built that you released the global analytics and we we should probably be using that because it's much more straightforward API than the math that we're doing right now. Um, and then so we are using it for the analytics, we're using it to ingest, we're also using it in some cases to just make sure like hey have we ever reached out to this lead before for this customer? We're doing that and then the a lot of the stuff around the like pulling out the inboxes of course that we just spoke about. I'm trying to think of even like a classification of your API that we don't really use. Maybe >> the APIs all the time or you discover features with the product all the time anyway. >> I know. Yeah, because it's like I will then come back to the page to then check on something. I'm like, "Oh, I didn't even realize you had this many APIs." Um, maybe the only thing we're not really using is the master inbox APIs and things like that just because I would love to use it. It's just not a bottleneck that we're thinking about right now. Like every day I'm thinking about how do we get >> healthy inboxes always pumping out true net new leads. Like that's the the the biggest thing I'm always thinking about. I would love to use the API to build like a Slack bot so that customers could respond to leads straight from Slack and and all that other stuff. But that's fine. We'll we'll get there one day. >> Fair play. Fair play. I'm going to I'm going to love giving you access to agents so that you can just automate the crap out of this. Um, cool. Last question then. >> One technical insight when building Arban infrastructure that most agencies miss. >> I think I'm not sure if this is what most agencies would miss, but one thing that I've had to learn because as you know, I'm not actually technical. I I I never code anything. >> You don't give yourself credit for that, but you kind of are. >> Yeah, I guess a little bit, but I I don't custom code anything. I I don't do any of that. >> Sure. >> What I would say is one big thing that I've learned is to always be thinking about error handling. Um because really like even though you souped up our API, which I really appreciate, we are still running so many things in so many different places that we still need to be thinking about error handling. And so a lot of times if we had missing data in the past >> if we handled the errors better uh we would be covered on that. And so what we'll do now is like >> in our make.com things and our n things we will now branch like the whole same workflow where if there's an error it literally pauses the whole workflow for 30 seconds and lets it just breathe and then we rerun the same exact thing and then when it's successful we'll come back to the beginning and then hit it again. Um, that's maybe the biggest thing that like when I was building things, I just didn't think about and now I'm always thinking about, as you can tell with how many backup steps we have for verification, all those things, I'm always thinking about, okay, what are we going to do if there's errors? >> That kind of adds up. If you didn't say that, I would have expected some other genius thing that perfectly makes sense that error handling, if your goal is automation, which every agency's job should be right now, uh, makes perfect sense. Well, Eric, thank you so much. I will see you in the next episode where we're going to be talking about how the hell this man somehow manages to personalize a 6 million bloody emails every single month. Um, Eric, thank you so much. I'll see you in the next one. >> Absolutely.