Source URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uT6uIAAgFGU
Video ID: uT6uIAAgFGU
======================================================================

Have there been any kinds of trends that you've seen that have become kind of immutable laws when it comes to outbound? >> Yeah, so there's one I discovered when I was uh teaching that kind of stuck >> and when I made that shift, it just relaxed me a little bit. I have this mantra that I teach and share at my workshops and that I've been using for 15 years that I've kind of honed over the course of many years. I've shared on LinkedIn, which is We've got a special episode of Outbound Fluff No Sales. Ryan and I have had the privilege of chatting with the one and only Josh Brawn. I hope you enjoy this episode. We're going to get into his two biggest like concepts, his landmark concept, detach and illuminating questions that have to do with mindset and good script writing. This is this one's filled with gems. I mean, there are so many good moments in it. I hope you guys enjoy this one. And if you want us to bring on other guests in the future, let us know in the comments section below. Um, also before you dive into this one, check out Josh's website, joshhbrun.com. It's included in the description below. And if you enjoy this episode, hit subscribe. We'd love for you to tune in to future episodes. Ryan, you ready to get this one? >> The LeBron show. Uh, so we're thrilled. Ryan and I both love the the hell out of Josh. We have our own backgrounds of how we came to get to know you, Josh. But, um, on this show, which we've we've, uh, dubbed Outbound Fluff, no sales. It's a show about all the fluff that's keeping the viewers from their sales. Uh, so we'd like to we like to talk about all things under the sun of Outbound. As you know, Ryan and I go really deep into the phone stuff, but uh, I'm thrilled that you're here today because you bring a really unique context to, I think, two really big topics in the outbound world. Like the first topic is mindset. Um, and it's not the fluffy kind. Ironically, it's all about fluff, right? It's not the fluffy kind of mindset. It's like the actual limiting beliefs that many sellers have that make them sound really bad when they're out there calling because they believe something about that interaction. You do a really good job of identifying what that is, calling out what to do about it. And then that sec and it's on your hat, too. And that second thing is um your ability to craft illuminating uh pitches, things that will illuminate a gap in a buyer's potential world um that causes curiosity and intrigue and interest. And I think those two things alone are kind of like superpowers that I've learned uh through reading hundreds of your posts and going through your stuff over the years that I've learned from you. I'm excited to kind of get into those two topics today. >> Well, thanks for having me on. I'm excited to talk to you guys as well. >> Wait, are you saying you haven't subscribed to his badass guide, Ronin? >> Yeah, he he's not going to say that. He wouldn't admit it. He's got it. He doesn't have to say. Don't make him principle number one. Never shame. >> When when when he when he says he reads all your post, Josh, I say, "I buy all your shit." In fact, I got your I got your uh >> Oh. Oh, >> I got your flash cards. I got your flash cards in the corner over there. I got I got your >> Add me to it. I was just about to pull my Okay. All right. All right. All right. All right. bought these at least a dozen times for various reps over the course of the last few years. I'm just like, let me send you something. What's your address? >> Love these. If you don't know about Josh's flashcards and you're a cold caller, you're in sales. Check them out. >> Thank you guys. >> Um, well, Matt, what what is what is your path at a high level for how you got into sales in the first place? Because if I understand correctly, you were in the classroom for a while. You were an educator. Yeah, I was at I was an elementary school teacher for a while and I'm in the gym one day doing triceps at Bokeh Point here in Bokeh and I hear this guy next to me talking about something that I never heard of before which is something called an educational startup. It was called Child and I struck up a conversation with him. It was for kids that were homeschooled. It was an online, you know, educational startup. And I was interested because it was education. And I met with the guy over a coffee, real charismatic guy named Scott Udine. and I was two years into becoming a principal. And he goes, "Dude, you should drop out, quit that stuff, and come work for me. I'll give you like hundred grand." Now, you have to understand, I was making like $38,000 a year. So, this sounded like, and he was very charismatic, a good-looking guy, like a James Bond, you know, kind of looking dude. And so, I came home and told my wife, she's like, "You may as well try. You could always go back to the classroom." I go, "I don't know how to sell." He goes, "That's even better, you know, to teach." And he kind of took me under his wing and showed me some things. And that's how it happened. If it wasn't for that tricep pull down machine, I probably would be an elementary school teacher and a principal and I wouldn't be on probably on this wonderful podcast of yours. >> No wonder you always use that line, tries. >> That's right. Tries or I'm in the gym. Tries or buys. >> Tries or buys. That's right. >> It's like near and dear. Just from the harp. >> That's right. >> And that's from there you made your way eventually over to uh Base Camp, right? >> Uh before Base Camp, so I was working for a company called Child. That's the educational startup. And uh we got acquired by a company called Compass Learning, which was a bigger >> educational software company. They were owned by Weekly Reader, which is a popular little magazine for kids. And when I was at Compass Learning, um selling and doing a little bit of product development work. I hired a company to do some work for us called Jelly Vision. They created a game called You Don't Know Jack. And I met the founder and CEO, Harry Gotautle at the time, and Amanda Lannard. They were selling something as well. And they said, "Hey, you're so awesome. We like working with you. Do you want to come sell our stuff?" And that's when I left Compass Learning for Jelly Vision. I was there for I want to say 14 or 15 years selling as an ind individual contributor and then building that business up from like an agency to about 40 million AR doing uh software for HR professionals as an individual contributor then managing SDRs and VP of sales and then I left because I was seduced by Jason Frerieded >> over at Base Camp to say come come sell uh Base Camp stuff. So that was the current path. >> We love his books. Um >> he's great. He's great. He writes very well. Uh he does >> and and his his way of thinking is also really cool too. Uh just >> from what I know, he's not in the Epstein file. So that's another positive. Like from what from what I know as of today, I don't haven't seen anything about him in there. So if you follow him, don't unfollow him. He's he's not involved in that. I don't open up that web rabbit hole. That'll take a real interesting turn for today's conversation. uh everything that kind of came about later on which is what you built your LinkedIn brand around it was based on probably that decade and a half of experience building jelly vision and uh being in different roles managing different people seeing um technology through the lens of time not just a point a point in time but rather like how things trend um is there any have there been any kinds of trends that you've you've seen that have become kind of immutable laws when it comes to outbound. >> Yeah. So, there's one I discovered when I was uh teaching that kind of stuck. Um I was about I think nine or 10 years into being a teacher and I wanted to work at the district and this is when technology was just being adopted into the classroom and I was super ahead of the curve. I was bringing in CDROMs. These are these things you guys can Google if you don't know what they are. software called Living Books, which was some of the first software available for kids um that were teaching them how to read. And I was an early adopter. I would project things on screen. I thought I was very equipped for this job at the district because I'm like nobody was doing what I was doing. So, I prepared for this interview really well. I actually hired a coach. I came in there with a dog and pony show. And I feel like I did everything I could have possibly have done in this interview. Like, I could not have done anything better. And I felt so confident walking out of there that I thought the thing was in the bag. and uh thought it was my job to just get the job. Like I was totally attached to getting this job. And I even I remember coming home celebrating with my wife, you know, at the time. And then uh two days later, I got the call um we're not offering you the job. And I realized at that moment, the reason I felt so bad is because I was attached to this thing that ultimately I didn't really control. I thought it was my job to get the job, but that's not my job at all. My job is to prepare for the interview and do the best I can. and then be at peace with what happens. And when I learned that lesson as a teacher, it really automatically translated to sales because I saw it play over and over and over again where a rep did everything right on a cold call or did everything right on a discovery call, did all the things that everyone does and still doesn't get the sale because ultimately we don't have full control over the outcome. And when I made that shift, it just relaxed me a little bit because there's sort of power and confidence in knowing that I could just do my best and not have to really be attached to what happens because ultimately it's not mine to be attached to. Um, you see this play out in sports. Um, one of the clips I shared a while back was a collegiate volleyball team playing and they had this amazing rally. It's like two-minute rally. If you've ever watched collegiate volleyball, it's insane. They're spiking, they're recovering. This goes on for two minutes and after two minutes, one team loses the point. Now, did they mess anything up? No. It just is the nature of volleyball. Just like the nature of sales is you can have everything right and you're going to get hung up on. You're going to get rude prospects. So, this idea of accepting the nature of the thing, whether that's cold calling or when I go to a public pool to swim, it's a public pool. There are loud kids sometimes running around. If you're going to get upset at that, you're going to suffer because you're moving against the form of the reality. Same thing with a family restaurant. Get upset that there's kids running around. That's a family restaurant. Get upset that there's an airplane delayed. That's the nature of an airplane. So, when you move through life like that, you realize that it's a much more common, peaceful way to go through life because you just don't get wrapped up in things that are out of whack with the harmony of the nature of the thing. And so, that's been a guiding principle to your question of how I've um sold and I've trained others to sell. And I think it comes through in the uh the behavior that I have on the phones and the behavior I have when I'm on discovery calls. This idea of like it's not that I don't care. I think that's a mis a big misconception with detachment. It's like I don't care. You don't care. You lean back. No, you do the best you can. You do all the things. >> But you kind of have a piece of knowing like the end result is not mine. And there's a there's a peace and tranquility I think that comes through in your energy and certainly your mental aspect. And you don't have this debilitating feeling of attaching your worth to the outcome. And you also realize as I've, you know, seen in 20 years of selling, it's like this. >> Like I've been on pips, I've been fired and then I've been hired and I've lost the sales and I've got and it's, you realize like, oh, it's all like this. Like the tide, like how the world works. It's just up and down and up and down. And if you could just drop back and just watch that happen, it's just peaceful. Why do why do you think that reps have such a hard time, individual contributors of any kind or or even leaders um accepting this fact and and what do you think is the cost to people who who can never learn the lesson and they stay in this profession? >> Well, they're under a lot of pressure to perform and this is a muscle to work like working out in the gym or selling. So, if you don't, it's not magic. I'm not born with it. I work on this every day. I choose to meditate and do other things we could talk about to be able to stay in this place of being aware of my thoughts. So if you're not aware of your thoughts, something happens and you react. And that's 99% of people walking on the earth. Thought happens, they react. Write a post. Thought happens, they react. They someone beeps their horn, you beep their horn back at them. >> It's just it's an automatic someone does something and you flip them back. It's an automatic pilot. What the what this gives you, the mindfulness gives you, which is the start of detachment, is this ability to actually be aware of your thought before you say something. And in that moment of awareness, you can certainly choose to flip the other person back off, or you could choose not to. But you have a choice in that moment. And so, it's a skill. So, how do you develop it? One of the ways to do it if we're not talking about psychedelics is you meditate. You know >> we are talking about psychedelics. >> Psychedelics is another way to get into to get to really realize about the ego in a very short amount of time. In six hours you can kind of see oh >> you can start you can learn a lot in six hours. You can kind of have some realizations. But you can also meditate. And meditate doesn't mean you don't have any thoughts. >> Meditate means you're taking a walk with your dog or by yourself and your your thoughts are racing. You're thinking about work or whatever. And in that moment, you realize your thoughts are racing. And in that moment, you're like, "Let me listen to the trees or listen to the air or listen to how things feel on my hands." And maybe that goes on in the beginning for 5 seconds before your mind's racing again. And then you catch yourself and like, "Wow, let me listen to my breath." That's a rep. Every time you realize you're lost in thought and you pull yourself back to something that you're hearing or your breath or something, that's considered a rep. And in the beginning, that time is sometimes you'll be lost in thought for 5 hours before you realize it. But with time that gets shorter and pretty soon you're in this position of oh I'm kind of aware of my thoughts most of the time. Doesn't mean I don't react. I still might get angry. I'm a person but I'm like huh maybe I don't want to react to that right now. Maybe I just want to let that go. I don't want to react to that post or I don't want to say this thing. I'm not perfect. It still happens. But with it's a it's a muscle. So it's not like people are bad at it just like they're not bad at piano if they've never played it. So it's it's a skill that can be learned like selling or prospecting or cold calling or any skill that you guys are good at. >> Yeah. I find it interesting that when you talk about detachment immediately goes to you don't care and then you're going well no you still have to do all the things. But I feel like there's still this um group of individuals that think the things are still trying to force an outcome versus the things being best practices to help somebody move through the journey of evaluating whatever it is you have to offer, right? Um what are your thoughts on the things when you say the things? >> Yeah. because I think that's super important. Uh I have I have this mantra >> that I teach and share at my workshops and that I've been using for 15 years that I've kind of honed over the course of many years I've shared on LinkedIn which is and I repeat it like a mantra. Um it's not my job to sell everyone. My job is to illuminate potential problems to see if that person thinks it's a problem and then to not steer the ship. Some people will be open to listening and some people won't. My job is to be humbly curious and accept what happens. because that because really that's all we that's all we're doing here and people like uh it sort of I think helps because that energy shift on the calls certainly cold calling people can feel that like immediately when you adopt that shift not as a mechanism to get a meeting because if you're kind of tricking yourself that energy seeps through because your intent on the call affects your behavior >> right >> so whatever your intent is going in and Ryan you're good at this and Ron I've listened to your calls I share your calls I'm like you could see The intent here is a is a place of discovering. And when I do workshops, the thing I have on the board is is there a problem? Not let's solve the problem, not let's pitch the solution, but is there a problem? >> And that shift that you ask all the time slows things down. Like I I'm going to say some things. It's not like I'm not going to call people. Not like I'm going to not make a good list. Not like I'm not going to select the right accounts, do all the things, continue learning, listening to my calls, but ultimately I don't control what happens after the words leave my mouth. Right. >> And I just got to be okay with with that. And again, that's that's the that's the practice. >> That's why I love I mean, that's why you and I get along so well. You know, I I uh have been bringing this concept of, you know, meetings don't matter and you should focus on the completion. So, it's essentially encap encapsulates what you're saying around doing all the things, right? You want to target the right companies. You want to uh say the right things at the right time. Those are the things. But in that moment in time, the only thing you can really control is doing your best to make sure that you have the right person you intended to reach into the conversation. So verify you got the right person. And then you you get them to understand why you're reaching out in the context of again, do you have a problem or not? So we use a lot of words around not sure if this is for you but these types of things. Uh and then it's okay to get to a yes and no and not me not now. But we want to get a why behind that. And if you can celebrate the completion, not the not the forced thing that you can't control right now, um the mindset stuff just comes inherently with it, right? It becomes easier. People get there there's less pressure there. But also from a all the things you need to do, you also get so much more insights, right? Are we targeting the right people? Are we saying the right things? Um, and it's really interesting to see what happens when reps begin to go down this journey. It's not, it's not from the lens of mindfulness, but I love that because I've gone, you know, you know, I've gone through this journey myself and I feel like a different person these days, even though I still do get a little moody, uh, compared to where I was. Um, I still like that kind of concept, but the the the more important thing is how do I how do I have this performancedriven concept that does get away from uh a unnecessary mechanism that we can't control but opens up all these possibilities including mindfulness uh to drive better success. Um, and I think you hinted on something that's super important which which I'd like to double click in a little bit more because it goes into your messaging that Ronin was talking about earlier. One is the detachment, but the other thing is asking the question versus forcing right a solution. So, do you even have this problem? Can can you tell us a little bit more about that and how does that translate into maybe how you message around that versus like a pitch slap? >> Yes, let's give a couple different concrete examples. So I used to hate sales, like hate it because I had this preconceived notion of a used car salesperson like a lot of us, you know, coming at me with coffee breath and saying all these things. And so the reason for that is when you approach someone and you're trying to talk to them, at them, explain something, convince them. The biology of a human being is I can smell your commission breath. I don't want you coming at me. It's like when I walk into a Hugo Boss store and someone says, "What brings you in today?" I always say, "I'm just looking." But that is a complete lie. Like I didn't drive across town and fight parking to go look look. It's a reaction to pleased. I don't want the pressure. I don't want resistance. So I learned this very early on, you know, 20 years ago. I had this revelation that explaining and talking at people is creating the resistance. So what's the opposite of that? Well, if I can't talk at people, I have to ask something. Okay, well, what do I ask? And at the same time, I was reading all the stuff about challenger sale. >> I'm like, well, can I can I ask a question in a neutral way that illuminates a potential problem? And I specifically use the word potential because of the mindful thing. Like, I don't know. I have a hypothesis, but I don't know. And then pass the baton back and listen to what someone says. So, in the case of the Hugo Boss store, instead of saying, "What what brings you in today?" If someone were to see me walk in there and take a guess as to why I'm coming in, say, "Going on a business trip." I would automatically say, "Well, no, actually, I'm going to a wedding and now we've opened up a conversation." Eight years ago, I got so lucky. I was in the mall with my wife and I did not need anything. She was returning some stuff at the Town Center Mall. We were going to grab some dinner at True Food. And to just kill some time, I walked into a fit to run store. I'm an outbound lead pretty much. I'm just kind of not interested in anything. So, if the store associate came at me with a convincing thing, telling me value propositions of her sneakers, I'm going to say I'm good. If she said to me, "These are on sale," I'm going to say, "I'm good." If she said, "What brings you in today?" I'm going to say, "I'm good." She didn't do any of those things. She looks down at my sneaker. She goes, "Are you a runner?" as a question. Easy one to answer. Yes. Next thing. got any races coming up? Second question. I got actually training for a half marathon. And then she said something that I wrote down. This is like she goes, "You've probably had a running gate test." And I said, "What's that?" And I have video of this. I show my workshops. Maybe you've seen this on LinkedIn. She gets me on a treadmill in the store and I'm running on it like five minutes later and she freezes the frame and she zooms into my ankles and she goes, "You notice how your feet are over pronating when you run?" And I go, "Yeah, I could see that." She goes, "Well, the problem is if you run in sneakers that are not made for pronated feet, you increase the chances of getting injuries, especially when you run more than 10 miles, specifically planter fasciitis and runner's knee." Now, as an old Jewish guy, that's that's not what you want. She goes, "If you'd like, I could look at your sneakers to see if they're made for your feet." And I don't know, 6 minutes later, I'm spending $170 on new sneakers. So, no statements, no pitching, no convincing. You probably had a running gate test. Gives me the benefit of the doubt that I'm not a [ __ ] Because if I'm a runner, maybe I've heard of it. I had not heard of it. But if I was not a runner and I wasn't doing races and I had heard of a running gate test, there is no sale there. And that's okay because not a fit is okay if determined early. But she was sorting me and she was using language to illuminate a potential problem and I leaned forward. And now I get pitches all the time. I got one I think I wrote about three weeks ago someone called me and said, "Hey Josh, been following you on LinkedIn. Can I ask you a question?" That's how they open the call. I go, "Sure. Um, I was seeing your post over the last five or six months. You've had about three or four thousand comments. That's something a topic that I'm interested in. They're starting with that topic I'm interested the running gate example. And then they asked the poke the question that I call poke the bear which was a brilliant question which was how are you going about finding out the people that are commenting that also might be a good fit for your workshops? Like are you going through those manually or do you have a way to surface your ICP up from those comments? And I was like I have no idea. I'm not doing that at all. Like that. That's a neutral question. Or another one, you know, Josh, I was on your badass B2B checkout page. Saw you didn't have any tracking pixels. Same thing with your tongue tied flashcards. How are you retargeting people that don't like abandon their carts? Like, oh, I'm not really doing that today. See, so or I'm doing something else and it's not a problem. But these are neutral questions that are based on two things. a topic the other person is interested in and then ask a question that's neutral around a potential problem and then just shut the front door and be okay with I don't run anymore I walk to which case no sale for your new sneakers or I don't really care about retargeting people that is not anything I would ever do which is what I told this person I go yeah I know I can do it but I don't want to do that to people >> the thought of that makes me crazy to which this person tried to thought that was an objection to overcome. >> I'm just not that per go find someone that likes retargeting. There's a lot of people that like retargeting. >> But when you got to listen, you got to read the room. And so this idea, and Ryan, and you're great at this too, Ron, which is like this person, you shouldn't have to push a rock up the hill. Doesn't mean you hear resistance, which I call information, not an objection, that you don't have a response. Like Ryan's call that I share at my workshops, someone said, "Hey, can you shoot shoot me an email?" It's not like he says, "Okay." And and the call's over. He pauses for a second and he goes, "That's not a problem. Would it be okay if I ask you a couple questions just to see if that email would make sense?" And the person said, "Yeah." And opened up a call. The person might have said, "No, and hung up the phone." So, it doesn't mean that you don't respond to information, but you don't treat everything like it has to be overcome. That that's the key. And I think that one of the things that I love about your framework again is you're just trying to illuminate a problem. You're not assuming, right? This is this is super important. It's a hypothesis. So that's that's step one. Let's find a way to position around something that gets us into a conversation. Step two is you have to be okay with the answer either way. Now, when I talk about calling, if we do a good job with target and we know that we have a solution to a possible problem if the right target's on the list, then what I usually try to do is try to get a question that the answer really doesn't matter. Okay? So I could ask you um uh let's say it would be the um you know how you getting you know how you sorting through uh your your people who are could be a good lead for your workshop right that question is a good example because you might say well I'm doing it manually or you might say I got a tool for that either way I don't really care it's like fantastic Josh that's why I was reaching out right I've got this new thing that does that might be a transition point into it but Um, but the the key that you brought up that I think is super important that most more older school sales trainers or unfortunately a lot of founders that think their product is best thing is they they can't get away from the they're not a good fit and that's okay. Your example of I'm not I'm never going to do retargeting. I don't feel good about it. I like I'm like I say this all the time. You're not going to convince somebody that's not interested in what you have to do. You have to understand the math of markets and some people are just never going to buy from you because of a lot of reasons and that's okay. Um that piece is super hard for some people to wrap their mind around especially if they work for somebody who thinks that they could pivot pivot pivot. Sandler's terrible at this with the way they do their like statements of you know problem problem is that not you? Okay, if it's not you then problem problem is that you? And it just annoys the crap out of me. Um, and I think that this is if if people are listening to this section and they got along with most my rambling here. The key that Josh is saying is you have to be okay. This is going back to detachment. But if you're asking the right questions, you're illuminating a problem. It will o it will work to open up. You use several examples open you up into more conversations. But you also have to be okay that when they open it up and give you the right information to not try to overcome that. Um, by the way, the guy that said that the retargeting and that's not for you. Okay, I went to you. I'm a digital marketing company, probably offering a retargeting services, not interested in digital marketing. If I took that information, like you said, Josh, and I go away, what did I learn from that conversation? I learned that Josh picks up the phone, he's willing to have a conversation, and he's probably not okay with retargeting, but maybe maybe you would be okay with targeting. So, what if I came back to you in six weeks and say, "Hey, Josh, I know we spoke the other day. I know you don't like the retargeting thing and hammering people, but I had this idea. You know, have you ever thought about people who look at Tongue Tide but have never purchased Badass Guide? Would there be any interest in being able to target those folks? Maybe that's a different conversation for you. It's the same general technology. It's a legacy thing. So you're not hammering with retargeting, but at some point you may want to revisit people that are aware of you that had looked at another product like is that something to be interested in? It's a different approach, >> different use case. >> The only thing I would suggest and this is subtle. This is a subtle thing and as I'll talk about Ronan's call in a second too that I share at the workshops which I thought he did something else that was very unique that I point out but Ryan just on your part instead of have you ever thought about >> I would consider using you've probably thought about now why am I suggest why am I why am I why do you think I'm suggesting that I'm going to pose the question what's the difference there >> that's neutral you know you're you're not calling up any potential uh triggers you're not accidentally calling someone a [ __ ] Yeah, you're not you're not you're not judging my intelligence. You're not saying you're not saying you're stupid because you haven't thought about it. That's right. You've probably thought about I love that. I love that question. >> Same thing with the with the running gate. And then Ryan's example uh call that I share on my workshops often and I'm going to butcher this a little bit. It's not as fresh in my mind, but I think he's selling something about surfacing support tickets. And he starts with how are you currently doing it today? And then he makes a joke. He's like, this is going to sound like a gotcha. >> Oh yeah. Do you do you have like an easy way to be able to surface this without doing X Y and Z? And she just opened up because he called he owned that this this could feel like a little bit of a a trapping kind of a question. But if he left that out and he said, "Do you have a way?" It could have it could have been a little bit more like leading um or you You know, so but I I also like this idea of breaking the fourth wall if you're going to phrase the question like that of like do you have an easy way to is to phrase it like that or there's other ways to phrase the questions that are a little bit more neutral like have you consider you know you probably looked into whatever it is that you were selling and then she would have well kind of we did or most of the time they're going to say we looked into it and now look what you've done. you've stopped explaining because now you could say oh it sounds like it came off the rails or it was too expensive or it wasn't a fit and you're gonna get more information versus if you said well you have you considered this and you start explaining yeah dude I looked into that what do you think I'm a [ __ ] like anyone that's doing revops for 15 years or with captivate IQ probably knows if they're calculating commissions with a spreadsheet they probably know it can be automated so if you call them and said when you're calculating commissions for your 100 reps is it automated more of a spreadsheet copy paste thing and they say spread spreadsheets and you say, "That's exactly why I'm calling. I saw Captivate IQ." They're going to be like, "Back off." But if you said you probably in a calm voice, if you lean back and said, >> "You've been in RevOps for 15 years. You probably looked into automating it." >> Yeah. >> Just like that. And shut up. And you're going to hear, "Yeah, dude." And then you might say, "Your rules were too complex for automation." This is called elicitation. >> Um, >> people in the FBI use it all the time to get information. and Chris Voss made it kind of popular with >> sounds like um Carl Young if you want to go back use it in therapy if you go back even further than him but they've used these principles called elicitation like the Hugo Boss guy um uh business trip guessing you're going on a business trip so if they've never heard of automation they're going to correct you no we haven't really looked into it or if they yeah we looked into it then they're going to take another guess because you know the market oh you it probably means your I'm guessing your commission rules were too complex for automation well actually either way you get more information and You may determine, wow, this isn't a fit. Or you may determine in the case of the Captivate IQ call, which is they had a a knowledge gap. To which the rep realized and said, you know, John, it it seems like we can address that. You would be know more than I do. Would it be okay if I sent you a video and you can see for yourself if it might thread the needle or if it's complete garbage? That's how exactly how the rep phrase it and the guy's like, "Sure, I'll take a look at it." I don't exactly know what happened, but yeah. But but it was him leaning back and not hurting the ego >> of lecturing to a 15-year-old RevOps guy about, "Have you considered automation or we I'm like, dude, yeah, dude. I know. I know. I know about automation." >> The Ryan had sent me this book, Exactly What to Say, which has another few uh >> a few of these in there. So, one of the phrases we use with all of our cold callers, the scripts that we write, is I'm not sure if this is for you, but >> Great. Yes. as like a leadin to the pitch and it's a and delivering it also with that neutral tone of like you know I'm not really sure if this is for you but >> that phrase is great because it says there's no assumptions here. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. And I think there's a tremendous amount of uh personal liberation in in a rep trying to pursue that detached mindset in using these phrases too because there's a part of your your brain that has to accept what you're doing as truth in order for you to do it. So if you're trying to deliver it in a way where you're not sounding like you're you're actually pushing somewhere in your body you actually have to in your brain you have to accept the fact that you are going to detach in order to deliver that statement the way that you want it to sound. >> Yeah. When I was in Bolinus which is a surfing mecca. I don't surf but I talked to a bunch of surfers and I watched them for like three hours. I love to watch things and I realized something when I was watching them. This was I don't know five years ago. I think I've written about it many times. I'm like, these surfers do not care if the wave is good or bad. >> And you know what else? Who else doesn't care? You watch Major League Baseball. Whether these guys hit home runs or strike out, they look the same. And the best guys get on base, I don't know, 35% of the time, and they just get up there and they swing the bat and they just go back. I mean, look at Kobe Bryant. I mean, just all the all the greats, all the sports, they just go and do the thing. And then they they realize that strikeouts and getting on base and home runs and balls or whatever, it's all part of the same experience. So you translate this as the same like surfer mindset. Oh, there's not good or bad calls. Calls just are. We call them good and bad. This is why I was tangling with you a little bit, Ryan, on that post this morning. Like we label things that just are and we expect things. And when you expect something, that is when you suffer because you can't control others. You can't control other things. You're just like, "Oh, that's just how that is." >> Yeah. >> Just changes things. >> You hit on you hit on a good one. I I I was working with a client a couple years ago where they literally had in their call results like negative, positive, and then like neutral. And I'm like, you know, 70 80% of the connects are going to be negative. Just just the math, right? You're saying not interested, negative, no budget, negative. It's like like do you realize you're having your reps mentally say this is a negative result, you know, three out of four times all day long? Do you like what is that doing to their psyche? It is not It is not negative. It is what it is. Like, call it what it is. >> I rename it sorted out. >> Yeah. >> I sorted these guys out. >> Sorted out. Yeah. Like >> sort out. Sorted out. You're sorting. That's what you're doing as a as a cold call. You're sorting. >> Bingo. Yeah. And we just like to share a statistic on this episode that I I want to get your reaction to. So, if you take a few steps of a process, I create a list of an accounts, contacts that I want to try to sell to, talk to, and then get some phone numbers. If I go from my original list that I've created with somebody with a phone number and then people who are going to both be reachable, not just on my list that I want to talk to them and have some level of interest right now in what I am calling them about. The range for that from your original list is 6 to 2%. That's the range 6 to 2%. So, it could mean that if I've added 200 people to a list, like maybe one of them is both reachable and ready right now to actually move forward. The other 199 may never be able to pick up a phone uh ever pick up your call. Or if you do get them, chances are somewhere between, you know, 90 to maybe up to 97% of them are going to be a no, not now, not never or just they're the wrong person altogether. >> I think there's some nuance to that. Let me give you a couple examples where I'd push back. So these are some examples that I share and I have experience personally. So when I sold HR there were these events called open enrollment where everyone would enroll. So these were timed events that were like top of mind and these things were like urgent that they do some things. A simpler example to describe is imagine that you are selling something called spot hero. Um, the problem that it solves is if you're going down to Miami and you want to park, especially if you're going to a concert, it is expensive if you want to park near the event and you got to leave super early because otherwise it's just 45 minutes to get out of the parking lot. So, with Spot Hero, you can actually reserve a spot in someone's house or nearby for a fraction of the cost you walk there. So, if you know I have a list of people that are all going to see Krenbin down in Miami on the 26th, you could email all of them with something like, you know, hey, uh, looks like you're going down to Krenbin, which means you're going to be circling the parking lots or spending, you know, 45 bucks to park over here with spot here in Hawaii. That's going to be a much higher need now versus the case that you brought up because there's a timely event happening. Um, I agree with you for the most part, but there's also these events like I work with a woman that's the CEO of Ant Flow. She sell sells women feminine projects and sometimes states will pass new legislation requiring that these products be available in schools and so they have to do something and >> so there are these signals trigger events that can make more top of mind. Yeah. >> If you can get signals that this is this is a cold this is the cold market data. If you just pull a list of your market with no signals you're in that range that that Ron is talking about. Ideally, at some point, the northstar would be I only have a list of people who have a signal who also are reachable and receptive. And that would be the northstar of calling. Unfortunately, it's just not the case. Which is why which is why you've got to take the two things we talked about today, which is number one, detach. As long as you do the things you did, the best job of getting the best list possible. Let's say you did have signals on going to the spot uh parking solution, right? And it's all on your list. And I And now I also have a message that's illuminating. I bet you're going to be circling around. I could reach somebody on that list right now that I know is going to the conference. And guess what? I always take Uber. What are you going to do? Convince them to park their Uber? No. It's okay. Move on to the next one. They're still going to happen, right? You have to you still have to detach. So, um the the reality is um if you take these two things and you put them into practice like tomorrow, not only will you have a uh a better uh mindset when it comes to the profession of sales, meaning you're you're not going to, you know, flame out in three or four years, but you could have a 20 30 plus year career like like Josh has had over here. Uh, but also you're going to be able to capture a bigger chunk of those that are, as Rona mentioned, reachable and receptive when you're not focused on that one outcome. It's like a not only will you feel better, but you're also going to capture a larger majority of the people when the time is right because uh not only will they feel it when you're delivering that message, but you're also um collecting that information that gives you uh the potential to follow up at a at a later date and convert when the time is right. Yeah. versus burning the bridge. You can stay top of mind. Yeah. Yeah. It's always I mean that one a great example to your point, Ryan, to to to put a, you know, punctuation on this is I got a cold call about four months ago. This is exactly how it happened. And this this, you know, reinforces your point. Hey Josh, my name's Rick. I'm an agent in Bokeh. Do you still own the home on Marbella Drive? Easy question. I think Ryan talks about this system one, system two thing. Like, uh, yeah, yeah, I do. And then he said, um, you know that it's a popular neighborhood. I don't suppose you're looking to sell it. I go, no, I love it here. And he said this great line just I wrote it down. Sounds like that's your forever home. >> And and my desire to correct just kick well dude definitely not forever. I want to get the f out of Bokeh once in a while once my mom's my wife's mom passes away which God knows when that's going to be. Want to move out to the mountains because my wife won't leave. We got into this whole thing and then at the end he said looks like you're not ready to lo looking to move now. He goes, "Hey, I sent out a newsletter from time to time on comps in the area. You know what your homes are selling for? like I can add you. I said, "Sure." And every once in a while I get his emails and when I'm looking to sell, I'm calling the guy. >> Yeah. >> Like to your point, like it's, you know, you stay top of mind. Not like I'm just checking in ready to sell your house. >> No, it's a value. It's something of value. And that that's a big key. And I know we're getting late on time here, but this idea of activating your market, being okay with information you capture, but finding legitimate ways to continue to provide some sort of information, education, support, or even services that may not even benefit you directly with that potential future customer. If you could find those way to stay on top of them, I say that's when you become that person. It doesn't even have to be your own offer. It could be it could be nurturing them with podcast episodes or content from other people, books, resources. Once you capture something that the running person, for example, that you had before. It could be you weren't a runner, but you were a walker and you know, they only sold the running shoes, but you know, here's a you know, here's a thing on walking. Maybe at some point you graduate. It doesn't matter what it is. When you get to that level, you're at a whole another level of of um becoming that person in a market. You don't have commission breath. They don't see you as this dirty uh used car salesman coming at you with without a mint in. And when we interact with one another, we're always getting something from it, right? And it's always about serving that individual. If you can get to that level and be okay with it mentally, it's weird. At some point, you're, you know, you don't have to worry about a lot of the >> 100% >> when is the next sale going to come in? It just comes. Ron and I talk about this all the time. And the other thing to keep in mind, too, and you guys are a little young to realize this, but maybe for your listeners, this is something that it's hard to realize at your age. Um, everything's going to be okay. >> Like even if the worst thing happens to you, you you get on a pip and you let get let go, something else is going to happen. There's going to be some rainbow that follows the rain. Then there's going to be some rain and then there's going to be a rainbow again. There's going to be sunshine. And your job is to kind of be like the sky and to just like put the umbrella up when it's raining and to take in the sunlight when it's there and to realize that it all is okay. You're not going to be like on the streets homeless even though you think you might be. It's all okay. The universe doesn't mean you're sitting on a couch doing bon bons. You do all the things. >> You don't send cover letters and resumes. You say, "Hey, I wrote some cold emails for your ICP. Can I have the job? Look, look at my cold emails. Here's my cold call talk track. Here's a video of why I did it." You do all the things. But then you realize, oh, I'm just going to keep walking and I'm just going to be the sky and I'm going to watch the clouds. I'm going to watch the people honking their horns, flipping me off, rude prospects, and I'm just going to just let it go because that's just how it is. And there's just a it's just a nicer way to go through the world. And it's almost like a superpower. Like you see people that don't have it, >> especially if you met you marry this up with yoga, man, you you're like in the Matrix. You're like, "Wow, people are that [ __ ] crazy." Like you just start to see you just move through the world in a much different, more calm way. And again to Ryan's point, your point running doesn't mean you're lazy sitting on the couch. It just means you're like doing your best. You like just say, "Okay, man. It's all you just let it go." >> Well, Josh, uh Ryan and I are super appreciative for you joining us today. And um I guess the final thing is h how do you want people to get a hold of you? What do you want them to know? >> Don't get a hold of me. No. Uh I don't like being held. No, I do sometimes. joshhbrun.com or LinkedIn. >> Make sure to make sure to go and support uh his resource center at joshhbrun.com. Yes. All every single thing that this guy puts out >> is worth its weight to gold. >> Yeah. Cuz my wife wants to go to Africa, so I need to sell some more flash. Let's help a brother out. Come on. That's commission breath right there. It >> it's it's literally the best I don't know >> 500 500 total of all all your products. Like it all there's no confusion, y'all. This is the website. If you're not on this site, you're on the wrong site. >> Thanks, guys. >> Josh, thank you so much for joining. >> All right, man.