Source URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5NfqaBU63AI
Video ID: 5NfqaBU63AI
======================================================================

[Music] Welcome everyone to the 10X go to market podcast with the incredible Morgan, incredible sales leader, incredible pickle ball player, incredible vibes all around uh with his background setup for AMP Creative. But in all seriousness, welcome to everyone here. We are so excited to have you and Morgan, I have been pumped for this one for a while. So, I honestly I want to go I'm going to give you a quick background, but then I am ready to just dive in and vibe on all things sales with you if that works. Let's get it. I love it. Well, for those of you who don't know Morgan, he's had over a decade long career in sales and recently he's founded AMP Creative, a growth partner agency that uses industry experts and influencers to drive content creation. And he is truly an expert on all things sales and pipe genen. Um, so I have really enjoyed partnering with Morgan. I've enjoyed his content. I think it's always spot-on. Um, and I've been really interested in also all the worlds of AI plus sales, and I'm sure we'll get into that today. So, Morgan, thank you so much for being here. Tell us a little bit about your background that I might have missed. Uh, yeah, not nothing crazy. So, the experience of what I'm going to talk about today is I started off as a sales development rep. For those who don't know who that is, it's basically like a cold calling, cold emailing, LinkedIn, all the really fun stuff. Uh, what I did to start off my career. And through that I I learned a lot. Managed a team of 13 reps, joined John Barrows. I was with him for four years and learned how to actually coach, train, you know, went to Google, Slack, Snowflake, you name it, and help them with top of the funnel. So, uh, now today, I just have combined outbound and content together to help teams be successful. And I'm just super excited to to dive into these questions, and I hope that everyone walks away with something that they can go use out of this. So, Morgan, what do you like more, sales or pickle ball? At this point, it's pickle ball. I'm not going to lie. At this I'm I'm I'm truly obsessed. Like, I have a coach. Like, I'm like, "Yo, what do we need to do to get better?" Like, the And the reason for that is that I'm actually in love with pickle ball, but I'm more in love with the evolution and the climb of getting better at something. I was going to say I me the internal competition, the correlation between pickle ball and sales. So it's like for me it's just like the evolution of like being absolutely terrible and like not understanding the game at all to slowly but surely understanding how to play it. That to me is that's why I love it so much. Like it's just like that's what it is. That's why I like coaching people in sales because like once it clicks like you could truly transform and evolve your whole entire career if you do the right things. So yeah. I love it. Let's actually talk about that. So you started your career as an SDR and then you moved over to not selling but coaching uh in selling. How what made you decide to make that move? Yeah. So typically when you're SDR there are two main paths where you become an account executive which is a seller or you can manage the team and sometimes you can go customer success but that really wasn't the route there. As I went through the process of like becoming the AE, I really looked at like what I actually enjoyed doing and it was as an SDR coaching and helping my team get better. And I was like, what if I just did this full-time and really could take the skill set of what I had to help them evolve? Also, at the time, I was creating content as an SDR. And I just found that to be way more I just found like way more fulfillment and I found that I was just way better at just like educating and coaching people, maybe more than I was actually selling. So, I just took the bet that our STR team was growing. They had a spot open for an SDR manager. I had never managed anyone before. And I was like, well, the worst case scenario is that like everyone just doesn't like me coaching and I just and I can just go sell. um or this I actually learned how to be a leader and I could help people that I've already been helping and we could just take them to that next level. And yeah, I still to this day if I had to look at like a corporate job, that was actually one of my favorite things to do. And it was cool to see how people just like got more confidence. They went on to do some incredible stuff, got them to the roles they needed to get to. And for me, that was, you know, all I could ask for. That's awesome. Um very cool. I I love that journey. And it's definitely not the typical journey that we see of the evolution of sales, but I I I'm excited to dive more into the content piece as well. I'd be curious um something that people say a lot over the last few years, sales has been harder than ever. Um and it's, you know, we're not in the time where everyone was buying each other's software and sales is easy. It's the inverse. And so I would say for knowing that sales got harder, what are most teams getting wrong in doing sales in this new world? And then what are others that are doing creative and getting things right? Okay, let's talk about what people are doing wrong so so we can so we can get you right as well. I'm actually curious what everyone else thinks on what what's going wrong too if you want to talk in the chat. But essentially the number one thing that people are doing wrong is they're too focused on features and functions that they have instead of instead again what the right thing to do is is focusing on the industry and the market. So, I used this example the other day when I was speaking to a team. Is have you been to London before? I have. Okay. So, they still speak English, but not really. You're like, like it's still English, but like they say some things that like you're kind of like I don't know what you're saying here, right? Like when someone's like, "Yo, this is a little dodgy." I'm like, "Do I need to dodge? Are we going to go see the Dodgers?" Like I just didn't get it. I was like, "I don't understand what you're saying to me." Like, and that's what happens though with most reps right now is that you're not speaking the same language as your buyer. You're talking about features and functions in lingo that has no that has nothing to do with the industry. So, the biggest wrong right now is you're just studying the wrong things. Like, yes, you need to know your product, but you need to know your industry in and out. You need to be listening to podcasts. You need to be reading the whatever the the newsletters, the white papers. Like, you need to be so ingrained in the language is as if you were that role. And that is actually how you're going to outsell and outperform every single person in your organization is by doing the one thing that that one thing alone I just told you. If you did that, you're going to outperform everyone. And I've done that in every role. When I was selling to marketers, I just listen to all marketing stuff. When I sell the sales leaders, I listen to all sales stuff. Like you have to be ingrained. Otherwise, like it's just not going to work. Um, the other thing that people need to stop doing is when you write an email, make sure it's something that you actually reply to. So, I did an exercise with the team. Their messaging was not good. And I was like, "All right, instead of telling you it's bad," I was like, "I want you all to read this out loud." And then I said, "Would anyone respond to this?" Everyone said, "No." And I was like, "So, why are we sending this? What are we like, what are we doing?" I was like like like I've been there. I know my emails went bad in the past. I actually like messaged someone the other day phone like I was like, "Hey, what up?" And I was like saw my message from like 2017 and I was like, "Please ignore the 2017 Morgan." Like that's not that's not the Morgan you're talking to now. But the thing is if you read your emails or you read your video message or you read out anything out loud, you'll quickly find that it makes no sense. And so I encourage everyone to do that because what you're sending you need to read it out loud to say would I actually respond to this thing? And if you wouldn't then just stop doing it. And what you should do is send your emails or your videos to your internal buyer. So for example, when we would write uh email campaigns as SDRs, we' sold to we sold accountbased marketing. So we sold to like a head of marketing digital and a CMO. So, we basically would get in a room right in the office and we say, "All right, CMO, do you like any of this messaging and if they didn't, then we would change it because it doesn't really matter if I think it's good. I'm not the buyer. It matters if the buyer actually thinks it's good." So, then we were able to manufacture, adjust, etc. Those different things. I I'll say one more don't that I see that's happening quite often is there is levels where you do need to scale but as a rep don't think we need to scale first because you don't want to scale bad the first thing that you want to look at is do I understand the fundamentals of how someone buys the discovery the prospecting etc get really good at the fundamentals and then figure out how do we scale that don't come into be like All right, cool. How do we scale? Well, you have nothing to scale yet. So, we have to figure out what do we actually need to build as foundation in order to do that. So, those would be my things and I would say across the board. It's super powerful and something that you mentioned actually it all ties through and being really uh kind of intentional about the research that you do before sending out that email. And I totally agree. There's so much online now. So much data at your fingertips to be able to quickly understand okay what's happening at this account the industry the market the person and how do I value map our solution there y and so how do you make it so we can and that's where we live and breathe with focus and how you can use AI to actually help do that at scale. So um I totally agree. I I'd be curious um you talked a little bit about the must do steps for prospecting. It's doing your research, coming prepared, selling the market and the the value, not just features. Do you have any proven scripts for cold calls that work or frameworks that you use to nail a cold call? This is going to a lot of y'all are going to roll your eyes. It depends. Yeah, because Okay, so we have Matt. He's in England. What I would tell you to do in England is completely different than I would tell you to do in New York or, you know, or in India or so. So it's I have a structure that I could give people but it's hard to give exact worrying because each region and persona is different and there's extreme nuances for each person. Right? So I will tell you though I'll tell you how a cold call goes every single time and then I'll tell you all what you can do. So a cold call follows these steps every single time. It's a hook intro your like opener. So that typically lasts for five to eight seconds. Then you have your value prop, like what do you actually do, which is like the context of what you do. And then they're probably going to throw three to four objections at you. And then you should be able to handle them to close the call. That's literally how every cold call goes. Anyone could disagree with that, but like you can analyze 10 thousands of them. Like it's the same thing every time. You have a good intro. If you're not getting if you can't get past the intro, that means you're saying something that's either boring everyone else says, or your energy is super low, and that's why people hanging up on you. If you can get past that, then your value prop. If you're just monologuing for longer than 30 seconds, typically there's an 80% drop off, which means that you're not going to convert. So that's why it's not working for you because you're just saying too much. You have industry jargon. You're not even saying things that actually make sense and it's too confusing. And so they hang up on you. That's why you're failing there. And then what happens there is they're like, "Oh, this is interesting, but like I got to make sure that my time's worth it. So I'm skeptical, but I'm interested. I'm going to throw objections at you." You should not allow people to have more than four objections because then they're just going to ask you a lot of questions. They're going to get all their questions answered and they don't no longer need you and they're going to hang up on you and then if you get past the objections and you can close them. That's how every cold call goes. So, but the most important part of the cold call is actually the intro. The value prop like you should already have that prepared. Objections, you can practice with your team. The close is just like book a meeting. But the intro is the hardest part. So, what you want to do in the intro is you want to have something I like to call a pattern disruptor or pattern interrupt. If you call someone and say, "Hey, Alexa, how are you doing today?" That typically isn't Oh, I have Alexa in my room. Alexa, I actually have Alexa in my room. I forgot. So, now it's talking to me. And I was like, "Oh, I have Alexa in here." like that's I cannot say it anymore. Um but essentially right is you have to have something that's a pattern interrupt. So at the end of the day you want to come in that with something that people haven't heard before. So my go-to is called the PLA. And I'll quickly do it for time sake is I'll say, "Hi Becca, thanks for taking my call. Hey look, I know I'm calling out the blue here. However, do you have a few moments to chat?" And to break that down, why it works is one, I never introduce myself or say my name because I'm not that important. Now, if I was the rock, I probably would introduce myself every single time, but I'm not. So, that's why I get away from it. But the PLA stands for pleasant, laughing, and arms up. You start unpleasant by saying, "Hi, Becca. Thanks for taking my call." Most people aren't thank for the call. So, you immediately disrupt the pattern. So, now they're going to level set with you. So, psych psychologically, they're going to be on the same level as you. The second thing is the laugh. So, you notice I did a little chuckle there. Uh, please practice this chuckle if you sound insane or you sound like the like something crazy. Uh, you didn't get this from me. But I do the laugh because it's just creates levity. So, people are actually more at ease. And then a is the arms up. So, I put my arms up because it changes the inflection of my voice. So, it actually comes off as more question, more curious than actually more aggressive. So more people are actually more open to saying, "Yeah, I have time." So again, that's the way I would recommend to think about the cold call and the way to go about the cold call uh as well. And then what if you get uh right away like, you know, I'm hanging up right now? Do you do you just move on to the next or do you push to to keep them on the line? No, never move on to the next person and just and just agree with that. That is actually the absolute worst thing that you can do in sales because you're not going to have another opportunity. Yeah. So, even if you're like, I'm going to be rude. In my decade, I've trained I don't know probably over 50,000 people if I consider podcasts, like webinars. Like, I haven't had anyone ever in my entire career tell me that because they took an extra step or actually extra question that they flew to their house at their apartment and was like, "This was the worst cold call I've had of all time and I'm coming after you." That's it's never happened. Everyone's afraid that the person's going to come after you, they're not going to come after you. They're going to forget about you in like two seconds, which is the benefit of all this. So, yeah, if they say, "I'm not interested in a cold call." This is how I typically respond. I'll say, "Hey, yeah, like completely completely understand that you probably don't like cold calls." Look, I sometimes don't like making them, but all I'm asking for is 30 seconds of your time. And in that 30 seconds, I'll explain to you what we do here at Pocus. And if it makes sense, like we could put time on the calendar and if not, you can hang up on me. Does that sound fair? So what I do is most people just want an out. If you don't give them an out, they're just going to create one. So I've already created my own. Hey, look, if you want to get out of here, you can hang up in 30 seconds. You answer the phone, so I know you have 30 seconds. No one ever answers the phone and says, I got two seconds. You wouldn't have answered it. So I know you have 30. So, I say, "Hey, if you don't like this, you can hang up, but it allows for me to get my 20 seconds of my value prop off." And I also say, "Does that sound fair?" Because no one wants to be unfair psychologically. So, they're going to be like, "Oh, that's fair." And then they let me do whatever I need to do. I'd be curious because now you're the expert of cold calling and you've done it so many times. Do you answer other cold calls? I do answer other cold calls. Here's the thing. I answer other calls if I'm available, but most of the time if I'm being if I'm being super real, my phone's on do not disturb cuz like I'm in like focus creative sessions. So most time I don't answer, but if I do like I will answer it. So where do you think don't you think most people are, you know, just phone on do not disturb? I would say majority of people are either shifting towards that. I know that Apple has spam risk on. I know some people have where they their phone doesn't ring if it's an unknown number. These are things that are happening. So yeah, 100% that's happening. Yeah. So how do we overcome that with prospecting other channels? Other channels you have to be using other channels. If you're just using one channel that doesn't it's just not going to work. You have to think about using multi- multi- channels, right? Multi-rospecting, which is talked about a lot. So like are you using email to a degree? I'm obviously super biased. Are you leveraging LinkedIn calling? And obviously, are you going to events that are appropriate, right? These are things that you have to be doing at this point because you just don't know where the prospect lives. Like, it's a lot harder to get me on the phone, but it's way easier to get me on LinkedIn. And vice versa for some people, it's easier to get them on the phone to call them than it is on LinkedIn. That's why I'm saying you have to use that multi-touch approach to get in front of those people. For sure. And so let's talk about other other channels and where you're the expert which is LinkedIn and social selling along with other channels as well. Um how can reps get the most out of their LinkedIn presence? Okay. So how many in the chat? How many reps do we have in here? Like can I get like a one in the chat? I want to see. I just want to see if if people are you want to rep in here? I want to rep but maybe Okay. Not one. This is I've said this a lot and to the to the point now where I've seen it so many times that I now have to call this out and you need to like this advice is something you need to do as I'm saying it like there's there's things you can do this is something you do like immediately. So most people don't know that your LinkedIn headline is a searchable thing like through Google like an SEO search optimize. So, from my understanding, Alexa, you probably don't either. Sandy in here, you probably don't do this either. I have talked to zero buyers that tell me, you know what? Today, I'm going to wake up and I'm just going to look for account executives and STRs to talk to. That's what I'm looking for today. I really just want to reach out to some SDRs. I really just want to reach out to some account executives and I just want to be sold. Like, I just want as many of them in my inbox as possible. Like, that is my dream state. I have never heard that. Now, if some of y'all heard it, like maybe I'm missing out, but I've talked to a lot of executives. They have never told me that. So, why am I bringing that up? Most people's profiles, they'll say SDR at the company. That does nothing for you. That actually doesn't help you. No, nobody's looking for an STR. No one's looking for an AE. No, your buyers do not care. It is It does not help you at all. So, the confusion lies, why is that in your headline? that's not helping you sell anything. So, what should you do? If you have what I just said, which is fine. I had it as well. We've all been there. You need to change to what is the what would the buyer be looking up? What is their pain point? What are you solving for? That's up to you to decide. But, and again, you could use AI to actually guide you on this answer to be honest. You could feed it all your buyer personas and all your challenges and tell you to write a headline. You could literally do this. I do it myself. And this is how you're going to connect with your buyers because this is how you're going to increase your connection acceptance rate. I I had a rep, he had he had AE at whatever company he was at and I said, "Literally just change it to your buyer pain points and I want you to send blank connection requests and he saw an 80% increase in acceptance rates." Why? Because he just did this one simple thing. He had like a it's like a 300% increase in profile views. It's just a simple tweak. I'm not saying everybody's going to do that, but that one simple thing is actually going to change the way that people are going to engage with you because now they're like buyer pain points, they understand my psychoraphics, they understand my buyer persona, they understand what I'm doing, right? They're going to get it, right? And that's what you want to do. So that's actually step number one is make sure you change that headline, send blank connection requests, and again bias, but send videos and voice notes. And the reason for that is because there are so many I know y'all yall focus on this too. There are so many AI bot comments now. I mean you've seen these getting out of hand, right? And now because there's so many AI just messages that aren't good, people don't know sometimes who's human. So sitting a voice note, sitting a video with the right research, right, with you with you all help with with the right research and right insights, you're going to stand out. And and here's the thing, a lot of you are going to be saying, "I'm afraid of video." But also, I tell people, I'm more afraid of getting fired as a ref because what I'm hearing, right, I'm just telling you what I'm hearing the market. I was literally talking to a leader yesterday and he reached out to he has a team of 30 STRs and they all spoke to their executives and this is CFO, CTO, CISO, CMO, CEO, and I'm always in the market trying to understand what do buyers respond to? All of them said they would prefer a video on LinkedIn than anything else. All of them have received zero videos in the past 12 months. Wow. Zero. So when I hear that no one is doing it and they prefer it, I just say get over the fear and because there's an opportunity there. Now I'm not saying only do videos and voice notes. I'm just telling you there's a huge opportunity here still that people are not taking advantage of. But again, for the time being, I mean, we can go so much deeper, but I know we have we have other things to talk about, but if I was a rep, those are things you can do right now. It's so interesting. It's uh I find that the reps that are just more creative and more willing to not give an F and just try whatever are the ones that are more successful. And so, I don't think if you're a rep and you're scared of uh making videos that that's a good uh that's a good correlation in terms of outcome. the I feel like the best reps I mean I always look at it at folks on Pocus' team. I'm impressed. They'll just pick up a phone and call. They'll just record the video. They'll just make the voice note and you can't double it. You just got to go. You got to go. And you will learn along the way on what to do as you get better. Totally. And there's a good question for Matt. Do you think that AI and messaging you come across as a bit lazy or less communicative? No. The what I would say here though is also yes lazy inputs lead to lazy outputs. So if you were just lazy already and you add AI, you're just going to be lazier. You're just creating more laziness. So AI, the thing is it's not the problem isn't AI, it's just what you put in it. And the the obstacle that people are facing is they're like, "Oh, AI doesn't work." Is no because what you were already doing wasn't working. So, you're just creating things that don't work at a crazier scale. So, AI does work. And I'll get I'll give you advice on this. So, this is something I I shared in my newsletter uh actually today was go talk to your executives. Send them an email, text them, what Slack them, whatever you got to do, and just tell them just say, "Hey, what are the top five to 10 messages that you've actually responded to?" So let's say you get 50 back. These are all yours. X2 all directors message all of them. Get 50 on a baseline sample size and then just put it into AI and say what made these good and what was the common thread between them? I've done this already. There's a common thread every single time. And so now you have your framework to send out messages to be successful. And now your AI won't be lazy because now you've created a model and understanding it for it to be smart. So that is where AI is not lazy and that was a very smart thing to do. It's lazy when you already take something that doesn't work and you're like let's create it. Or something that I see people trying to do and I'm like don't do that is telling AI, hey AI, create a great email. Well, it doesn't know what a great email it. So it's going to be bad. So that's how you do it the right way. I I really appreciate that. And that's what we talk a lot about at Pocus where AI is not here to well in our perspective it's not here yet to fully replace all these sales people but where we see it is there's real opportunity for AI to supercharge sales teams and make them so much better because they can do the first AI can do the first level of research and consolidation and thinking to set the rep up to do that deeper critical thinking that AI can't do rather than starting on the kind of baseline of just gathering all the research search. Exactly. And I I would be I mean maybe it's the same as this or maybe it's different, but where do you think AI should and shouldn't be used in sales? H shouldn't Let's go to shoulds. I would say should 100% used for your calls. I mean that I think that's just a no-brainer at this point. Like you're able to get summary emails out faster. You're able to figure out certain points that you might have missed right in the call. And I think it allows you just to be more overall focused because you're not taking notes during it. You can just be very intentional with the call itself. So I think that's a 100% that's a should there. I think it's really good at figuring out the common thread of objections that you typically get and how to solve. So you can do like simulations with AI to figure out, hey, I keep getting this objection. What's the best way to handle it? Those are things that I do personally like, okay, this keeps coming up. Like how do we handle this? And again, it's a good simulation you can have with yourself back and forth. So you should do that. Uh I already mentioned an example of what you could do kind of that in-n-out example. So you could do the same thing. I think the should I think honestly it just comes down to just not replicating bad inputs. I think that's really where I think people go wrong. I think also if you're just using it to AI comments for sure like don't use it for that. Uh absolutely stay away if you're thinking about like hey let me do AI comments like just don't just don't do that at all. benefit. Why are there so many AI comments? I don't get the benefit of it. I understand the benefit, but the route is wrong. So, the benefit is is that it's a it's a it's a social platform thing. So, the more that you comment, the more visibility your content will get because you're because people will see that you've commented on something. So, as they scroll the feed, they'll say Xerson sees that you commented. So, that will then psychologically trigger them to check out your profile. So that's why people do the AI comments because you're more visible to the reader. You're more visible to the platform. It shows that you're active, which will actually give you more boost in their post. This is all proven to be true. The thing is the route of that is wrong because if I see you over and over again doing AI comments, I just I'm just going to start not to like you. So then so then over time I'm going to block you and then now it's actually counterintuitive that you that you what you wanted. So the thing is I understand why people do it. It's just the wrong route. So interesting. I I And it also is even worse than the AI emails. Well, they're just so clearly AI when I see them. They don't they're not The thing is most people when they do AI, they don't ask to remove the jar. So there's jargon in those emails that we're seeing. And that's why we keep, you know, going throughout these examples. And then also as well, right, it's people don't really look through again the emails that actually they would respond to. It's not human. They they just again they treat it as more of a genie than like it's just a filter of how to like it to the foundation. But people just see that as the end product and that's why they end up failing or having an obstacle at least from our data in data out. Morgan, this was this was awesome. I loved all there's a lot of good tactical tips in here that I'm going to take away for our own team. So I really really appreciate this and I'm sure uh I love how you have clear examples on everything. You've done the research, you've done the thinking, so to help get us ahead without doing having to do the research ourselves. I got you. So, appreciate you. Where can people find you if they want to learn more? Absolutely. So, LinkedIn, since we're already talking about it, uh, connect with me there. Uh, and, you know, send me a note if you want to. I know I said send blank notes, but send me a note if you have any further questions so I can dive into it. And then if you want super deep dives, YouTube, uh, check me out there. I'm starting to do more YouTube videos, so that's where I'm at. Very cool. Thank you so much, Morgan. This was awesome. Absolutely. See y'all.