Source URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iRxyDhQ6qDA
Video ID: iRxyDhQ6qDA
======================================================================

We've got 600 domains internally that I just bought from a pork bun sale 6 months ago that we have Google inboxes and Outlook inboxes always warming on those. I or I attempted to send like 20,000 emails without validating any of them from one Outlook inbox and I still got tons of responses back. You always have to think about what does a spammer do and how can you do the opposite of what a spammer does? In this go-to-market podcast episode, Eric Nowoslawski of Growth Engine X shares lead generation strategies for today's challenging landscape. He covers maintaining multiple email infrastructures, humanizing cold emails, and focusing on fundamentals rather than complex campaign structures. This show is brought to you by Leadbird, a lead generation agency specializing in performance-driven, hyper-personalized cold emails that generate demos and drive growth. Go to leadbird.io to learn more. All right, let's get started with today's show. All right, what's going on, Eric? How you doing, man? Hey, what's up, Nick? Nice to be talking today. I know, dude. I haven't caught up with you in a while, so I'm excited to like just jump in and ask all these different cold email questions. I know both of us like nerd out about this stuff and even when we're in Vegas, we were just like going back and forth and talking about a million things in 10 seconds. I'm excited to have this and spend the whole hour just diving deep into all of those topics, but let's let's get in. Obviously, in the last 12 months, I would say in my career so far doing cold email since 2017-2018, it's been the hardest, for sure. Two huge spam filter updates. Buoy Tank deliverability. With the state of cold email right now, what are you seeing working across your clients? Yeah, and it's funny. So, I agree and you and I we talk about this all the time, so we're definitely seeing the same things. Our philosophy has always been if we're seeing email deliverability go down, I I don't even investigate anything. I don't do GlockApps tests. I don't do like any blacklist delisting or trying to get to the bottom of what happened. We just assume that the copywriting needs to be shifted because obviously you're getting too many spam complaints and then we just set up new domains and new inboxes just immediately. And so what we've just found is that we just need to set up more domains and inboxes faster than we thought we had to in the past and then diversify the infrastructures as well too. So we set up a lot of Gmail accounts just because we have a lot of different automations with the way that all happens. But then just shout out to a tool both of us have been using and we've been testing and it's working well enough for the both of us I feel comfortable shouting it out. Hyper Tide has been really helpful for this kind of stuff as well too. And then we'll still also use Superwave and things like that. But what I would say is we I feel like we need to keep more domains warming in the background than we usually would. We maybe keep a third of somebody's inboxes warming in the background. Now I feel like it's not just a third, it's not just half. We need to keep double. So we're using one infrastructure and we're keeping a completely other infrastructure ready to go. So there's that. What we're also finding is that we will purposefully use one infrastructure and let it warm for two or three weeks. That's seems to be the best practices. And then sometimes it's a 50/50 shot whether or not that even works. And so then what we'll do is we'll just keep the other infrastructure warming and make it go past like a six-week warm-up and make sure that happens as well too. And then if we're really in a in a bunch I would say, we've got 600 domains internally that I just bought from a Port One sale six months ago that we have Google inboxes and Outlook inboxes always warming on those. if we really need to for a customer, I know instantly just release their pre-warmed up domains and things like that. Yeah, and people so many people have asked me they say, "Do you think this is going to work?" And and I just say, "We've been doing it for six months now." And I so I just know for a fact. Actually in Vegas that was the thing that I told you. That was my big bet. And so I know that it works and we just know that people don't really care about what domain they're receiving. They receive they care way more about the message as well too. And so um, seeing a lot of that. I feel like there was one other thing I wanted to mention about what's working right now. Oh, I feel like there's a lot of stuff going around about people saying, you know, we should send 20 emails per day per inbox or, you know, don't do 50 anymore or whatever it might be. What we're also doing is on Google inboxes in particular, you can't do this with the hyper tide in the the super wave kind of inbox, but with the Google inboxes in particular, we'll start at 30. And as long as everything's going, we found that we can go to 50. I actually just did a test and I got to make a post about it, but I just did a test where somebody they don't have an email set up, but they've got a list of all these people who have opted into their stuff and they're like, "Oh, can you just hit this list for this Oktoberfest that's coming up?" And I just thought to myself, my hypothesis is always eat when it comes to email deliverability, the thing that matters the most is your bounce rate and how many people mark you as spam. And so then, I just took a couple of inboxes and we had a list of I think it was 12,000 people to hit. Everyone was opted in, they just weren't going to be receiving an email from the domain that they thought they were opted in on. And so, I sent from a couple of Google inboxes, I sent 1,000 emails from a couple of Google inboxes in a day. And because if you read Google Workspaces actual numbers, the limits of the Workspace accounts are actually two per day. So, us talking about 30 to 50 is really just trying to get around the spam filter. So, no spin tax, no anything, we were sending a link in the email. I sent 1,000 from that inbox and then we got whatever click-throughs we got for this person's e-commerce brand and like all this other stuff. And then the next day I did a test in an inbox done my on my inbox and I never sent an email, I never moved it out of spam and all these things. And so, I got to write a report on it, but I'm just more and more just knowing that yeah, the volume is important and all those things, but as long as your campaign's not being marked as spam, you can go crazy still. But, if you are getting marked as spam, then it's it's a lot touchier. So, I know I probably gave 5 minutes just about that, but that's generally a lot like a mishmash of things that that we're seeing working right now. No, tons of things to unfact there. So, yeah, we're doing very similar setup. We're trying to split up split out our infra. And I think the one thing I've realized is that when everyone is specifically in our space cold emailers, right? We Like I would say a lot of the newer guys that are starting out, they're just sending bad offers, which are probably going to get bad engagement, and they probably don't have the funds to afford to do a lot of the personalization, the extra step for verification, like all those basic things that we consider fundamentals. And so, whenever they're sending using any kind of infra like an SMTP or using some kind of method or using a super wave or hyper tight or anything like that, that's whenever like that infra, in my opinion, stops to work as well as it used to. It's not saying that it doesn't, but I find like whenever a SMTP of some sort tries to commercialize and and get really big, and then they start sending like a significant amount of volume, they start to have a whole bunch of like issues down the road. And yeah, I think right now hyper tight's crushing it for us. And I think like the whole entire platform and app experience is way easier and more pleasant than balancing like a whole team of VA setting it up and all that. But I'm definitely looking at like backup systems because I feel like at one point or a certain point, like solutions like that, just cuz they're commercializing it to the cold email agency space, start to to become less effective. Yeah, and and you you you gave a whole slew of different things that you're doing to separate it. Is there anything else that you're like, I I I wish you could do some testing here or I wish I could set something up here cuz I think there's some opportunity here to be able to to to use their infra for cold emails and and get really good results? Yeah, and I think the only other thing that we're thinking about testing, and I I was messaging you about this, too, and I just haven't had the time to think about it, is to set up a bunch of inboxes on the main domain or on on the secondary domains. So, if you have 10 domains and you're going to use two inboxes for sending, I've been thinking about setting up four and then sending only warm-up emails on the other two, and then you're using two for sending. Because what we've also found is I feel like when I first started, there was a huge difference in deliverability between the inbox and the domain. And sometimes the inbox would get flagged, but but like another inbox on the domain wouldn't get flagged. And now today, that's just not the case at all. It's just all at the domain level. And I have been thinking about how can you keep the reputation of the domain really high across everything? And I don't know, that's just But again, the more things change, the more things stay the same is one thing I like to say. Like I said, I sent 1,000 emails in one day from one Gmail to an opted-in list that I'm assuming basically nobody marked as a spam on, even though it came from a different domain. Everybody like we used the same subject line they always used, and we used all the copy they always used. And I inboxed the next day on my inbox. And now, is that a double-blind study that you could take to the bank and was a perfect deliverability test? No, but it at least points to the direction that the most important thing is keeping your bounce rate low and not having people mark you as spam. And so then that whatever infrastructure you're using, and I agree with you 100% on that. So with whatever on what you're saying with Mailshake and whatever infrastructure you're going to use, as long as you're sending good emails, you're not going to have to worry. And so that I would say is the biggest thing. And so even when we were using Mailshake and we were testing Mailshake and all these things, all of them worked. We just found that they were just a little touchier than Google and Outlook were, where cuz Google and Outlook don't recognize these IP addresses at all. At least with if you're using Outlook and you're spamming people, if you try to inbox in a Google IP that you at least get the card that you're I'm a Microsoft Yeah, I'm a Microsoft IP. But then when you're this completely unknown IP, it definitely changes things. And while there's a lot still to be done on email deliverability testing and things like this, and I I don't even want to say that we know everything about it, things that we talked about are the things that are working for us for us, and I have demonstrable proof that they're working for us. And just more testing is just going to have to keep going, especially if we're going to stay in the space and always stay ahead of it and things like that. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. And I think that's like the the thing about this space. It's like everything is constantly changing and what happened and what you think is true today is like something that you need to be able to pivot and be quick at pivoting in 6 months. I think like another one of the things that And and this is actually something that like I was thinking about across a couple conversations I've had with different people across the last like couple weeks. One thing I realized is that affiliate marketers are always ahead of the curve when it comes to growth hacking things, specifically on the cold email side. So there's a lot of affiliate marketers that are like they're selling affiliate offers of other guys and they have some kind of hidden setup on how they go about emails and like what they do on the email infra side cuz their whole entire goal is let me send this email as to many as many people as I can for as cheap as I possibly can, but still have great deliverability. And they do a ton of like like black hat gray hat stuff and you get they get the results, but they're usually ahead of us when it comes to what's that growth hack? What's that thing that is allowing me to take vulnerability in the system to be able to send this amount of emails for this cheap? And I was talking to my friend Martin and he was like one of the things that he does is he constantly just looks at his inbox and sees what are the cold emails I'm getting and why are they landing in here? And what are the things in my spam folder that are commonalities and why are they landing in spam? And so I was I was after I had that conversation I was like, oh that's a a good thing to do. Real data. And so I started looking at my inbox and what I noticed was dude, I was getting so many @gmail.com emails that were cold emails that were all landing in my primary. So I think like one thing and I used to do this way back in the day, but I think one thing that's going to start coming back is like sending emails from just plain Gmail accounts and a ton of them. Cuz for some reason they're inboxing right now. And so that's one test that I want to run next week is like what's our result for like our internal campaigns is running from an @gmail.com account and and seeing how that does. And and it's obviously super cheap to do and it's you have to be a little bit more of a technical developer type person to be able to set up that infra and be able to scale it. But yeah, that's one of the the random tests that I wanted to do. The other test I wanted to do, we were talking about this earlier, there's other lead gen agencies that are doing something in SendGrid, some kind of vulnerability there. and we we and you both know that Beehiiv has great deliverability with with SendGrid newsletters like we're getting added in and opted in and they're all landing in our primary day in day out. So, I think there's like something there that I want to like take a look at and poke around in, but yeah, like right now our our deliverability for everyone that's listening or like what our infra looks like is we're using Hypertide. We basically set up two orders for each client. So, we'll have one that we use in the first month campaign and the one that we set on the the side to use in the second month of the campaign, and then we're basically flipping. So, we're doing like an AB flip. And right now, what I'm excited for is with V's inside of SmartLead, they're going to have they are they already have smart deliverability I forgot what to call it. What do they What do they call it? Smart Smart delivery. And once they have that in the API, like what I would like to do is do like basically like use Hypertide on one campaign and you make your campaigns end at 30 days, and as soon as it completes, it runs the smart delivery test and it sees, "Hey, this domain is still good or if these inboxes are still good." And if it is, just keep it on warm-up for another 30 days, the second campaign, that second month. Use the second set of Hypertide inboxes and whatnot. But let's say if it is bad after that first month just because some offers like they suck, like they get marked as spam or there's nothing you can really do there. Now, hey, it's not inboxing. I have 30 days with my second set of inboxes, and in those 30 days, I can buy and set up something with Hypertide within 4 hours inside of their platform and then be putting it in warm-up within 4 hours and have it on warm-up for 30 days, and then just keep doing that that AB flip. That's how I'm thinking about tackling a lot of the deliverability issues. Curious to hear your thoughts on that. No, and so I was even going to say for anybody listening to this, we're in total agreement because you and I we went back and forth on on making this. I maybe just have more anxiety than you do, and we're setting up four setups for each customer, and then we're also setting up Google accounts. And and then we'll use two at one time, and then we'll flip to the other two, and then we also have the Google accounts going as well. But also, I think our business models are just different in the way that we've got more of a margin up front that I can just take that risk. And so then that's just we're just going overboard, but still very much the same way. Yeah. Yeah. So, I don't know if Omar has told you this yet, but what they're about to make on the update on Hypertext cuz we've been doing a lot of their testing for them because he has access to much more than he can and you can see all our data and stuff. So, one order now you can include four domains in there. Four or two, I can't remember. And so, one order it'll basically be 100 inboxes, but they'll be four domains and then it'll be 20 per or 25 per each domain. And then so, two orders of be like eight domains and then 200 inboxes total. And so, it helps you you still send the same amount of volume, but I now there's less volume coming out of each individual domain, which is where I think That's and that's what we're talking about all of those inbox There's no I don't think there's really much inbox reputation left on an inbox level unless you're a large organization with a bunch of email volume and and all those things. And so, that's what we're talking about for sure. I think there's a lot to be said about the domain level of the reputation. I was even asking Omar too that I I think domain age is going to be start becoming more and more. Yeah. And so, like I've already said, we purchased over 600 domains. It's actually I'm not even sure how many domains because anytime Porkbun has a sale, we just buy like another 200. So, I don't know co Yeah. Yeah, the dot co sales. Yeah, so I don't even know where we're at this point, but I'll just buy really generic domains in case we get slapped and we'll put inboxes on them so they're warming up this entire time. And then in case Gmail really rolls out like warnings of hey, this domain is less than a month old or the spam filter won't let anything really do a lot of sending if it's a month old. We're preparing to be able to just be prepared for our clients that we'll have one a ton of domains for them to choose from, but they're super generic so it should always be fine. Tons of domains for them to choose from and then they're aging a ton too. So, that's the the other thing that we're just planning for, too. Yeah. And another one another thing I wanted to talk to you about so, it's I feel a year and a half ago like the spin text that was needed was just simply you could spin your greeting, you could put a quote in the end of your email, you could put spin close, And then you'd be mostly fine. You you have a level of spin tax in there, your variables are good. But now, and I think this is more important, I think this is where your superpower is, it's like unique individual messages. Do you want to start speaking on that and how that affects deliverability? Yeah, and I don't have great data. And the only data that I have is like you you and I would be talking about this. So, I don't really have great data about this other than one point like point that I'm going to talk about. But when I first started getting into cold email, I had no clue what I was doing and I sent and I can tell that story if we want. But I sent I or I attempted to send like 20,000 emails without validating any of them from one Outlook inbox and I still got tons of responses back. And and I can tell that story a little bit more. But when I was then getting into cold email as a service, we were never really using spin tax because I just I never saw it as an a necessary thing that needs to get put in. And then by the time that then somebody created a a test that really opened my eyes to you needed spin tax, by that point um GPT-3.5 was out and so we were already basically rewriting all of our emails with AI anyway. And so the I never had demonstrable proof that yes, this is the way to do it. But when that person, it was actually Harris Kenny, he released a spin tax test with a bob on Spark Lead and they proved that there wasn't maybe a huge increase in reply rate necessarily, but the inboxes lasted far longer if you used spin tax versus if you didn't. And so then by then we were just using AI anyway. And so all of my emails were being changed but not because we were spin taxing them but because we were using AI. And I knew from us talking, you would tell me about all of the you would have Google admin consoles getting shut down and Outlook admin consoles getting shut down and all these other things and then I would just be I just we've never lost any of these admin consoles. Yeah, and so then that was me that was you really opened my eyes to that that I was like, oh, this AI has to be making a difference because it's not like we have God's gift to customers and offers in our agency. Like we're we we still have a mix of really great offers and then things that feel a little spammier and that kind of those kind of things too. And so the fact that we never lost panels and then you guys were losing panels, that made me think that the the AI is definitely making a huge difference. And now it's just as we keep seeing more and more things, I think it's just going to become more and more prevalent. Absolutely, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, I agree. And to touch on the the panel thing. So, this is like something I I would love your feedback on as well. So, so we figured out why all our panels got shut down cuz we're spinning up a lot more panels so we can see what happened. So, we had two individuals on our team and then like this was an instruction by Visa so there was no issue there. And and this is the funny thing, too. It's basically what was happening is they were from two different locations. One from the Philippine, one from South Africa. And so the login on the administration of account from two different locations was what was causing it to get disabled. And I I think that started to become a very major thing in the last like six months to a year because when I first started in 2017, dude, I would log into my team's account all the time. They'd log into mine. Like we would spin up inboxes here, we'd spin up inboxes there. There was like no red flag or issue there, but now it's like if on that like it's specifically on Outlook, Microsoft, when you sign in into a panel, the tenant, the admin administrative login thing, you have to sign in from the same IP every single time. It's specifically if you're cold emailing because if you don't, it will get disabled within the next 48 hours. And and even with people like Omar and seeing how like our setup is as well, like we have to use like proxies and put them all on GoLogin, have individual profiles and login through there and all that stuff. And and and it's it's just way more difficult than it used to be. And way like more there's more things that you have to watch out for. Yeah, I guess like in terms of just like how you guys are Yeah, I guess if you want to talk more on just like how you guys are going about like logging in and and being able to manage that infra across your team. Like how do you tackle it? Yeah, and so it it's funny because until you told me that, I was just I internally I just we just logged in and I would So, I would log in from New Jersey and then I have somebody on my team in Texas, she would log in and then we had somebody from India logging in and too and it it didn't it just never really mattered to us, but then you brought it to my attention and I said, "Oh, we really need to handle that." And so, I mean you guys put us on, we just use GoLogin and IP Royal to just make sure that we're always logging in from the same space. But then you can also change a ton. It's also very helpful to then just make an a admin level account on all the panels and give them to everybody on your team so that they're dedicated to logging in cuz you always have to think about what does a spammer do and how can you do the opposite of what a spammer does? And so, a spammer is logging in from one log from six different places, but it's totally normal to send somebody a log, give them admin access and then they log in from over there. So, then that's the other way we'd mitigate it, too. Yeah. So, yeah. And then with the a lot of the campaigns that you guys are running right now, I know you're famous for all the clay YouTube videos and all the stuff you do with clay and the really creative like campaigns which I absolutely love. What are you seeing in terms of just like structure for for like your average client with an average offer that you're implementing to make sure that their campaign has the highest chance of success past deliverability more on the content and like how you're structuring their offer and pulling in all the variables and whatnot. Yeah, and so I would say I do a lot of this kind of thinking nowadays versus the workflow clay table building cuz when I first started my agency, I was obsessed with how could we do the craziest off-the-wall most nuts workflow that we could possibly do for a customer. And then what I started realizing is I would sometimes spend literally 4 hours building these workflows and then we would launch and then we wouldn't get any positive responses. And so, that's I really think a lot now about the just the messaging and so in in our agency and for anybody watching this, there's I guess there's two ways that outbound campaigns aren't going to work. One is you're not getting enough leads, and then two is you're not converting those leads. And if you don't convert those leads, I it doesn't really keep me up at night that I got you the leads. That's my job to be able to do. But if I don't get you leads, that keeps me up at night, and I think about this a lot. And so then you break that down into two more, then it's okay, why aren't you getting leads? It's either because the offer that you're working with just isn't meant for cold email. So I would say cybersecurity is just one that we just do not do at all. And and I can talk about why I think that's the case. But then two, I think it's you just didn't try hard enough. And so I think a lot right now about how we can create a process in our agency where if we have a customer go through this gauntlet of 15 different campaigns, what are the odds that they're not going to get leads? And I'm trying to make that as close to zero as we possibly can, where hopefully the customer can look at us and they could say, "Yeah, you guys tried everything. We're just not going to do cold email anymore." versus "Hey, you guys didn't try enough. We're going to go hire another agency." I think that's the worst outcome that you could possibly have. And what So as far as structure, we have a lot of different structures, but I would say all of them unite around, "Hey, I noticed something about your company that made me reach out." John Barrows talks about this all the time. He calls it the why you why now line. So we always start with that. And then we'll have either we'll pitch the offer there or we'll ask a pain question or we'll do something in that line to transition between it from what we noticed. And then we'll either ask a question or we'll say something like, "Not sure if it's fit, but we're helping companies like you do blah blah blah blah blah." And then in the third line, we're usually sharing an outcome-based case study, where we're just saying "The reason I think it's important that I reach out is because we just helped somebody create like 150% ROI in whatever it might be." And all those things and would be worth to worth it to chat. Will Allred from Lavender was just posting some stuff that we're in the early days of testing that is also working pretty well, too. Is not like everyone is using a light CTA now around would this be interesting or should we send some more information or all these other things. And then he was saying to switch your CTA to something like am I even barking up the right tree here or something to just even see if you're even talking to the right person. Those things have been working pretty well. And then I would say the other thing I think about a lot is case studies versus I feel like I talk about a lot of things and I'm not sure if you could go past the hour. I can but I don't want to I don't want to keep it on just this through it all. Yeah, yeah. All right, so then I'll actually go through it all. So one I have a YouTube video where I go through all of the campaign templates that we just put everybody through and maybe we can link that somewhere or whatever it might be. Then there's two things that I'm really thinking about outside of the why you why now line, pain agitation slash sharing offer, and then case study, and then just call to action. One thing I'm thinking about is demand capture versus demand generation. I feel like I first saw this formalized by the Client Ascension guys, so I just want to Yeah, yeah. I just watched his stuff yesterday cuz I have I I got a whole bunch of his content from Client Ascension from being one of the coaches in there and I was reviewing and it's funny I asked his his permission if I could take some of those demand capture versus demand gen stuff and put it in our internal employee training cuz I think it's like you're about to explain right now but it's such a fundamental piece to make cold emails work. Exactly. And if So if you guys don't know what we're talking about here, demand capture versus demand generation, a lot of it every offer lands on a spectrum of demand capture versus demand generation in some regard. And a lot of it has to do with how commoditized is the offer and how educated is the buyer. And so if you are a bookkeeping service, every business in the world knows that a bookkeeping service exists and it's hard to say that you're like, "Oh, we're so much faster than everybody else." And you say that in the email and there's no real way to prove it. And that definitely lands on the side of demand capture. And so what we try to do is we try to do things that will help generate demand, so we try to make the angle different so that we can generate demand or we change the list and we just still lean into the demand capture. And so if we're leaning into the demand capture and we're changing the list for bookkeeping, a perfect example of that is you can reach out to CEOs in the United States with companies less than 20 people and reach out to them about bookkeeping services or you could also reach out to CEOs in the United States with less than 20 people who founded their company in less than less than two years ago. They don't have a finance and accounting person on their team right now. And this is the first time they've ever been a founder before. Then it's Okay, that's a way a way smaller list. Don't get me wrong. Way smaller list, but those people you have a lot better things to say to them to say Okay, hey, we're bookkeeping Yeah. You're a book We're a bookkeeping service. I saw that you guys were recently founded and congrats this is your first time running a business like this. How are you thinking about your finance operation all that stuff. Totally can change the message on that side. And so now you're using the list to write that message and it's still the demand capture offer. Like they have to still need a bookkeeper for you to be able to engage with that. And then there are some demand capture offers that just work anyway. So we talk about this. This is one of our favorite niches and we've both made YouTube videos on it. So I feel comfortable talking about it. But so if you're trying to reach out to businesses about selling their business, there is nothing I can do, nothing I can say to generate your demand and make you think Oh, you know what? I woke up this morning and there's no way I was going to sell my business, but this email I'm now going to change my mind and I'm going to sell my business now. And so then that's just a campaign that although it's a demand capture campaign, you're just getting enough shots on goal. You're just going to get people who say yes. Because that's just And sometimes people just want that. And so if just because an offer is demand capture doesn't mean it's bad. So then on the flip side with demand generation, then we're talking about an offer A lot of times like I said, it's less commoditized and they don't precisely know how it how it happens. They don't know how to do it and all these things. Or you could also lean into your case studies a lot and you can generate your demand based off of your case studies too. And so there used to be a hack in LinkedIn that we used to do where I could basically guarantee that we could get like over 2,000 people registered for a LinkedIn event and it was around for 3 months but I could basically just email people and say, "Hey, I've cracked a way where we can guarantee that we could get a LinkedIn event with 2,000 registrants of your ICP and you can run a webinar and you can add them to your email list. Here's a screenshot of proof of me doing it. Would you want to talk about how?" Perfectly on the demand generation side of offers because they didn't know it was possible. It's incredibly interesting of how did you just get all these people to just join this event out of nowhere and it's not commoditized. Nobody else is is doing it, right? And then but then on the flip side if then we were to take agency offers and I were to just say, "Hey, I saw on your website that you are trying to get connected with VPs of finance and whatever it might be. We used AI to write all this. We we can help. I wrote out some outbound ideas for you and then we use AI to write out three outbound ideas. The reason I say this is because we help a lot of companies run their outbound campaigns. I'm going to link my case studies below and show you how long we've been doing this." And then we'll put in our case studies with we've run outbound campaigns for Instantly, we're the people who run outbound campaigns for clay.com, we run it for the pilot.com, for Reddit, like all these other companies. And so then it's okay, just put that in and then you'll generate demand that way because it's okay, they're super serious, they've got great case studies, I want to work with them versus all of the other emails that you're going to be getting. Yeah. And so I'd let you add anything on demand capture and demand generation there, too. Yeah, yeah, I think like the way I think about it is demand gen is like when you could just take what it is and put it in front of someone in your ICP and then it just immediately catches their attention and immediately get interested and they're like, "I need that." And it's the same thing like I could literally just send emails saying, "Hey, I can get you a lead on a paper lead basis and we'll just instantly get a lead per every 200 300 contacts that we reach out to, which is solid for a very saturated offer because it's just that, it's paper lead legion, like people want that. And I think a lot of clients when they try to hire legion agency, they don't have an offer, they they just have a service, like that's all, like they're just a bookkeeper. There's nothing else to it. They're just a bookkeeper and they don't know how to position their service into an offer or create an offer around their service. And so yeah, in that bookkeeper scenario, I think it's like they just want to reach out to founders and say, "Hey, we can do bookkeeping for you." And that and there's millions of them. There's millions of bookkeepers out there. Not millions, probably like hundreds of thousands of them out there that that are like literally they could do exactly what they do. So then it's okay, I think you would use it as perfect. Go reach out to the first founder or first-time founder that's 20 in headcount, has a company that's growing, and then basically say, "Hey, your pain point that's going to happen soon is that you don't have any financial processes in place and you're probably going to overpay on tax or whatever it is. Like you you could build a a messaging that hits a pain point around that. I think the other thing too is just like to just do the opposite of what everyone else is pitching. Hey, we just do bookkeeping. Send an email saying, "Hey, I'd to do an audit of your finances and give you a valuation on your business." And then it gets the calls going, it gets people interested because it's not just bookkeeping, it's oh, like I would love to see how much my business is worth and how much it's valued. And then it's oh, hey, look, this is how much it's valued on the sales call, right? The bookkeeper could say, "Hey, this is how much it's valued, but by the way, you're missing a lot because a lot of your stuff isn't categorized correctly and because of that people are going to look at your P&L and say, 'This is sloppy and they're you have no financial process and they're not going to give you as much of a valuation as you want. Let me do that for you for 500 bucks a month, would you be interested?' Like I send you a P&L every first of the month, I'll create all your income statements." That's amazing, great. So I think that's another way to look at it. I think with a lot of like clients and this is common in lead gen space, basically they hire us because they can't figure out how to generate leads, obvious. And I I think a lot of them a lot of times and I don't know if I made a video of this is they shouldn't actually hire a lead gen agency, they should figure out what their offer is and validate their offer and then come to guys like me and you and say, "Hey, look, I have a proof of concept here. Can you scale this to the moon for me and get my sales team like fully taken care of?" And that's why some of our qualifications now are have you run an outbound campaign that has worked in the past that you want us to scale or do your competitors have a growing SDR team? And well, I'll actually have them pull up the competitors to just make sure that they're actually investing in outbound already, cuz you're totally right on that. And then, two other things that we think about, obviously lead magnets, like if you say you're going to do something for free, that always cooks. And it but it's crazy that in our world, so we made a lead magnet where I it's very easy with the databases that we have, it's very easy for me to just give away every person who is newly hired at every company that it's director level and above, super easy for me to just give away that information. And I turn that into a lead magnet, and then we I literally just email people, and I'm just like, "Hey, I run an outbound agency, and the most common data point that people want us to target by is new hires. So, I made this airtable for you, it's got all the new hires in it. I just want you to have it." And then, people are just like, "Thanks." And then, we just put them on a newsletter, and I'm just like, "Oh, hey, do you want to receive this every Monday?" Cuz we just we send it to everybody every Monday. Then, we send the list on Monday, and then I also send a YouTube video of mine, and that's how we expand like the reach using cold email on that side. Lead magnets, we could go on and on about that. But, the expert to really talk to you about that is like just reading Alex Hormozi's books and going into that. The other thing that you mentioned that then got me thinking, too, is another thing we think about is how can we get in front of the objection in the email that they're going to have for us. So, I I read this thing that was in my town that I thought was fantastic from the local fire department. They had a banner, and they were recruiting for the local fire department, and they said, "We're not recruiting heroes, we're just recruiting neighbors." And I just thought that was just so brilliant for the fire department, because the main objection everyone will have if you want to join the fire department is, "I'm not a hero. I'm not I can't do that." But, I am a neighbor, and so they lean straight into that. And so then, to bring this to actually like B2B cold email, I had a friend reach out yesterday, and he was saying a campaign wasn't working, and he there was some kind of offer around building you invest in a done-for-you Amazon store, and then after 60 days, you're going to get an ROI, otherwise you get your money back. And he was saying, "This is a great offer. If you make this investment and it doesn't make money in 60 days, you're just going to get your money back." And I was like, "Okay, hold on. Wait a minute. If you were that good at setting up these Amazon stores, why wouldn't you just keep setting up these Amazon stores? Why do you need other people to finance these Amazon stores for you? If you're genuinely that good at it, why don't you just keep keep setting those things up?" And so then, another kind of template that we do is I'm becoming a big fan lately of writing a small message to just get somebody's interest and then putting a bunch more context below the signature so that you still get that nice short message up top, but then you don't have to get the friction of them saying, "Oh, I want more information." And then you got to respond as fast as possible and all this other stuff. I'll just say, "Hey, I'm going to link more information below the signature." And then below the signature, we'll put six case studies down there. Or we'll outline And I told this for somebody I was coaching and he said it three x the responses, so I feel comfortable talking about it. I haven't done this, but I advise to do this. You could do this with case studies or then you could also do it with the level of detail you go into your campaigns. So for us, like you could also put in and you could say, "Hey, this is our process that we would run for you." And then, yeah, and you could use AI to help generate a lot of these things, but you could say, "First, we'd set up these email addresses and we own Both of us have we own like 26,000 inboxes or something like that and give or take on a given time. So it's we manage 26,000 inboxes. I already know that this is going to work. We have a process where we scrape from Sales Navigator and we use Apollo and then we enrich with Clearout and Prospect.io and all these other things. And then below the signature, you just go super hard on what your mechanism is and how much different it is because of the level of detail there. And And so then that's another way. So we're just thinking about what's going to be the main objection. So the main objection is one, why wouldn't you just be What like if you are this good at setting up Amazon stores, why don't you just do it yourself? So you got to showcase studies towards that and you have to show the mechanism towards that and then you also have to prove that like if after 60 days goes by they don't get their money back, then you're actually going to give them your money back. And so I always think a lot about objections, and then I alluded to it, too. The last thing I think a lot about these days is leaning super hard into case studies, and then also using mechanisms, too. Where so, we had an offshore talent company that we were working with, and we were leaning super hard into case studies, and nobody cared. And then I just It just hit me. I was like, "If I were to see this email, why wouldn't I care?" And it's because what I'm more concerned about is that they're just picking their best case studies, and they're just going to give me a bad person. So, then I said, "Hey, send me your process for finding these people." And so, then instead of leaning into the case studies, we were just leaning super hard into All right, first, we have people apply, 90% of the people don't even make it at that point. Then, the second step that we do is then we give them all a task that they get paid for, and they have four things that they have to do, and we gamify it, so we're looking for certain things about their attention to detail. This entire time, we do three meetings between them, and if they don't show up on time for the three meetings, they also get cut from the process. Finally, they work in our company before they work in your company, so then we also see how they work as well, too. So, we'll take 100 applicants, and we only find one person before we give them to you. That email is doing far better than the case studies. Like, literally, like it wasn't working before that, and then we changed it last week, and then he messaged me today, and he was like, "We closed our first deal from this." And I was like, "Okay, great. This is working." And so, I think it's a lot on on recruiters on those campaigns, and I think this is a common issue with a lot of people. They just They don't even like the market research on understanding like their customers' pain points. And it's like a lot of these I would say I call them like general service providers. Like, they just They don't have an offer, they just have a service, and like they just assume things without actually testing them. And so, like with the recruiter, for example, like they're like, "Oh, yeah, we could we could staff every position in the world." And it's cool, but okay, let's pick one that's actually in demand. Then it's okay, let's choose that one in demand, and they give us a job title that they think it's good, and then it's just like, "Hey, we can staff this position." But then it's You don't understand that person's pain point for hiring that, and and it makes it hard for us to incorporate into the message and and so basically like I and this is why I'm such a huge fan of ChatGPT because now we're never relying on the client's knowledge because a lot of times companies and just like a lot of startups like you just don't know their market well enough and then you're able to go in there figure out hey why do people actually hire someone for this role and what's the bottleneck for someone hiring into this role and you can incorporate that into the copy. So like a great example of this is these offshore talent sourcing agencies like the thing I would look at is what are the jobs in America that they're hiring in-house but it could be virtual and it could be someone in the Philippines or India and it would be way cheaper if it was there but because of like the limitations of the business owner not knowing how to staff from overseas, they hire in America. They hire local and they're paying $30 an hour. And if you just literally write that into ChatGPT, it'll probably give you like 10 different types of roles and a lot of them will be like front desk assistants like a medical assistant when you walk into a doctor's office like the the person at the front desk calling their insurance companies to say hey this is the person's information is there interest check out whatever it is, right? And it's awesome. Now we know that, let's create an offer around that and let's build the pain point and the target around that. Let's email these doctors and these practice owners and say hey we can replace your front desk assistant for $8 an hour and guess what they're HIPAA compliant, they can call your insurance faster, quicker and you'll save X amount of dollars per year and now it's you just took this general recruiter built a whole offer for them and now you can scale that via cold emails. Yeah and even as you're saying that I'm like oh yeah we got to do that better cuz that's you're totally spot on about that and I'm even taking notes for myself of going that deep cuz you're you're totally right. It's that's where the best campaigns shine, right? The best campaign the best campaign I've ever made in my entire life. We were running a campaign for Forbes and we were at a conference and the conference wouldn't give the list of the speakers and then they also wouldn't connect them with them so that then Forbes like hey can you scrape the speakers and then can you cold email people to get interview slots with us. And so they're like do you think this is going to work?" And I'm like, "Oh, I don't know. Are we going to email a list of people who are definitely attending the event and I'm going to be able to put in the subject line, interview with Forbes?" Yeah, guys, I think this is going to work. And so, it was like one out of every three people we reached out to, we would get a positive response. Yeah, and it it was like And so, when you look at those campaigns though, it's like, of course this is going to work. And then when I post about that, sometimes people say, "Yeah, but you Come on, we don't have the brand like Forbes and we don't have this and we don't have that." And I I always remind them, you got to look at all the other factors around it. The list was super, super perfect. The the offer was amazing. They were speaking exactly to the people that they wanted to be speaking to. There there was a lot of refinements made in that that, you know, it just every exactly like what you were talking about. Pick the things that are in demand and then you build offers around that and everything. I mean, you're you're totally spot on there. Yeah. And I think like a lot of like business owners that just try to outsource their lead gen, a lot of times they're not successful and it's not because of the lead gen agency. Like, I mean, I think all of us can figure out really quickly how to set up email and for a how to send the email, make sure we land a primary, do all like the the lead list scraping. Like, that stuff now because we've we've been doing it for four or five years. But but I think a lot of people that hire lead gen agencies, they would become I have a way higher chance of success if they just figured out what is that thing that's going to crack cold traffic. And not have any ego in it cuz I think a lot of people come in there and they're like, "Do we guarantee customer success? We guarantee customer satisfaction." And it's like, everyone's been running that since 2000s. Like, that thing no that that's not something that's special. That's the bare minimum. Like, you should be customer satisfaction guaranteed regardless. So, it's not special and I think a lot of people just miss out on that and they're like, "No, I I don't want to adjust this offer. It's going to make us look bad." And it's I know. Dude, you need this you need this to grow. And if somebody has already worked with If somebody comes to us and they say, "Yeah, we've worked with two lead gen agencies before and it hasn't worked." I always tell them, like, "Hey, go to Instantly, use their done-for-you email setup, pull a list from Apollo, use export lists, and just do it yourself. Cuz you're going to I I actually and in my sales calls I like I can show you recordings of this. I always tell people like hey there's three things you can do. You can hire us, but we're really expensive. And I just need you to know that. And we have a process and we can talk about that process. Or you could do this yourself for $200 a month, and you could just do all the experimentation for you and it's just going to take your time. Or you could go to Lead Bird and we actually literally say or just go to Lead Bird and they'll be able to run the campaigns for you, and you'll be able to just use them to save time, but you're going to get more shots on goal. But we're expensive and just you need to just be aware of that. And and that's always and I always say that when they don't have a really well figured out offer or we've never run a campaign for somebody like that in the past or they're not confident in working with us and things like that. I'm like it's totally fine. It's totally fine if you're not confident working with us. Go do it yourself or work with a company like Lead Bird that does it on pay for performance. Cuz for those who are listening I I charge a retainer and Nick does a setup fee plus a pay for performance. It's like pay for performance. If you don't know what you need, pay for performance is perfect. Cuz then it's like then you got people writing some of the copy for you, but you're also paying for performance. So jump in there, do some of the copy yourself if you want to, and you can be doing that experimentation. Or you could always set up your own Instantly account and figure these things out. But it it does feel like a money hack. If you could figure out how to drive leads from cold, it does feel like oh okay, this is great. But it's tough to crack and it's a really tough thing to crack. And cold email is definitely one of the best ways to do it. You just got to pick the right avenue for your budget, how much time you have, and all that other stuff. Yeah, two things to say and then then I want to switch the topic a little bit. So it's funny too cuz like I find like even if you have a bad offer, I actually love your take on this. So like people are gets like stupid personalization, right? Stupid personalization being like something in the PS where it mentions like a recommendation that they got on LinkedIn or mentioning like a a colleague that's really relevant to that person in the email and stuff. And what I found is that and then we've actually done the data on this and obviously we we sent 1 million plus emails a month. Like we had all of all like we use Quicklines obviously, internal tool, not available to the public anymore. But we use that internally across all of our emails and and we had it off for a month because we were making adjustments to it and our positive reply percentage dropped across the board. And so I I think that's another thing too. It's if you're in a competitive market with a very saturated offer and you just don't you can't figure out how to reposition your offer in any capacity and you're not really like you don't have the know-how of of how to like really adjust the lead list so that you can make it a little bit more specific and all that. One of the easiest lifts that you could do it is figure out how to put that stupid personalization in there cuz like it it it does work. And it may be a six out of 10 good, but it does work specifically if you don't incorporate it into the actual main message and you're just putting in the PS. Like that that does so good for us on like our some of our clients that just have a little bit generic offers. It's you'd be shocked. So the only campaigns we'll run the local restaurant thing with is when we're targeting local business owners cuz tech people they they see through it a little bit and it'll help increase responses, but then you get a lot of people who are like, "Come on, you didn't actually write this." They they can just see through it. But so for local business owners, you would be shocked how many times we send emails to local business owners and they will say something about the restaurant PS and they will completely ignore the rest of the message. And I'm like, "Wait, I guess is that a no? Cuz like you didn't say anything about the like the offer that we made." But they're like, "Oh my god, this is a great restaurant. You should totally check it out." And I'm all so I agree with you too. And so we will try to do things that are at least So we have found that my personal favorite that we put this into all of our breakup emails. And sometimes we even put it into email one. This is one of the templates that we have. And then I saw you're using it too is the to like we're reaching out to somebody and then we'll throw in their PS, "By the way, I know there's a lot of people over there. Should I be reaching out to this person or this person instead?" It's so simple, but it that's not really a thing that people automate cuz unless you have a quick lines or you have Clay, you like Apollo doesn't let you manipulate data in that way. And and it's also free to do that in Clay. You can just use this function in Clay called look up multiple records in other table. And then what you just do is just look up multiple records in your table. And cuz then that's another thing, too. We don't like if there's six people at a company and they're all on our list, we just hit all of them. And that's a fear that I feel like people have in cold email that's just never been a problem. Yeah. They'll be like, "What What if they all, you know, they find out that we sent an email to all of them?" And then And I'm just like, "Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah." Cuz how many times in your work life have you sat down at the end of the day with your coworkers and you said, "Okay, guys, before we leave, let's compare what cold emails we all got and we'll tell each other which vendors we're going to work with and which like that has never happened ever. Never. And we'll often times have multiple contacts. So, if you just use in Clay look up multiple records in other table, but just do it in the same table and do it based off of the website, you'll easily get other people who already fit cuz they're already on your list. And then you could just inject them super easy. And that is a thing that sometimes funny like the same customers that want us to say, "Hi, my name is this and I'm the founder of blah blah blah." Or the they want us to say, "I'm really impressed with your work at company name." They'll sometimes have problems with those same customers will have problems with saying, "PS, let me know if I got this wrong and I should reach out to this person and this person instead." Which is mind-blowing to me. So, Yeah. I agree with you on that sentiment that it does work and demonstrably I know for a fact I have this data. I know for a fact on those private equity campaigns we run, we'll put in the first line, we'll put, "Hey, I was about to call phone number, but I figured email would be easier." And then in the PS line we'll put, "If we ever get connected about selling your business, I'd love to take you out to this restaurant." And then we like name the restaurant and everything. Then we tried running that without those lines and we got four times more responses with those simple personalizations. It with 401 now cuz people are like, "Are you scripting Yelp for that? I'm like, no, no. 4o mini knows the top restaurant in every location. Yeah, it it already knows. So, just ask it. So, for scraping the phone number, which is essentially free, and then for 4o mini, which is .000007 cents to generate that, you can forex your response rates. And sometimes it takes little tweaks like that, and then sometimes I have stories of us going completely overboard and getting zero. There's a YouTube video I I made that And I'm just going to finish this. I know you want to talk about another topic. But, there's a YouTube video I made where we were taking products from the website, and then we were finding the average order value, and we would name the product. So, we would say, "Hey, I noticed your average order value seems like it's somewhere around this, and if somebody bought these three products, considering your similar web traffic, I think that considering your similar web traffic, I think that we can help you grow revenue by XYZ, blah blah blah. This is how we do it. Would you want to talk?" And that campaign bombed. It was like insane how much that bombed. And I was looking at it. I was like, "Why did this campaign bomb?" And then I realized I reread it. I was like, "Oh, cuz nobody would ever send an email like this." So, we we shifted it, and we were like, "Oh, hey, I was taking a look at your website, and I was really interested in the product one, product two, product three line of products. The question I had is it seems And then So, then that was our preview text. And then we'd say, "It The reason I asked this is because I was wondering how many units you guys are moving of those a month, considering I think your average order value is around this much and similar web And then we would even put in parentheses to make it look conversational. We would say something like, "A similar website you have this much traffic." And then we put in parentheses, "Um but I know it's not accurate. I hate similar web, too." Then we would say, "I think we could help you grow your revenue with this. This is the mechanism, blah blah blah." Way different feeling of the email, except there's all the same data points. And then that email worked against the other ones, right? And even when you Even you might even have personalizations, but you're just using it wrong way. So, if you use the restaurant thing as the opener, that might kill your whole email. But the fact that you used it in the PS line totally switched it up. So that's another thing too for people is to shift around where you're doing your personalizations and everything. Yeah, and I think you've also brought up a good point. And And I think this is a big thing right now. And And I I tweeted about this and put it on LinkedIn I think yesterday. And And a ton of people Tons of people were like Oh, are you going to talk about the cheesy lines? The cheesy lines. yeah. So right now And it's like the the level of sophistication has just risen, right? People are writing generally better cold emails, right? Like from the content that we both post, which is we're telling people, "Be short, be direct, make it somewhat personalized, and send it." And so I I think in a lot of markets where a lot of people are selling into And I think e-commerce is a great example of one. They're getting every single cold email with all these crazy different offers and guarantees and these really short direct emails that are arguably really good, right? Yeah. Yeah. But they just follow templates and everything. Yeah. They get three to five of those. Even if it's personalized, it still doesn't do good because they just get those so often every single day in day out. And one of the things that we tested and we just saw And And I It took me a while to even Like if you asked me a year ago if I would do this, I would not. And now we do it and it works. And it's basically just You just put in these cheesy intro lines to make it look like your email is being sent by an actual human versus like someone that's trying to use direct response copy. And so Like our intro lines are literally like, "Hey, I know your inbox is busier than a bee's nest." or something like that. Something stupid. And like We have If you're going to try to be cheesy, put in intro lines that are cheesy that follow this kind of structure or something. It'll give you like 20 of those. And guess what? You could spin tax it. So now you have an extra variable in your sentence. And it reads off like kind of corny. It just catches them off guard and then they think, "Oh, this guy is a human on the other side of the screen and is it just mass spamming me with all this crazy stuff?" And And they're they're more open to hearing you out. And And so that That was like one of the things that I I would have never done it. I saw someone's campaign where they did it and they had a high level success. And then I was like, oh, this is genius and I get why this works and then we replicate Yeah, cuz I think another thing too is to just try to make people smile. And another thing cuz I've never even tried to pass cuz I'm not even sure what clients would say yeah or to do that but cuz sometimes we get so much pushback on things we already proposed but we already we're sending a campaign that I actually I can already agree with this. We're sending a campaign right now where we're saying how are you we're basically asking who should I speak to at the on the team to talk about 2025 uh planning and then we're putting in the PS as I'm writing this isn't it crazy that I'm talking about 2025 already? I still think 2015 was 3 years ago. And people are like positively responding and commenting on that PS line. And so I definitely agree with that and then another thing that I like to do is in one of our templates, I call it the meme template where we'll send a meme and I'll basically make the preview text so it's like the subject line is meme for you and then the preview text I try to make it so that it's something like does this meme encapsulate what it's like working on your team? Or does this meme encapsulate your CRM process? Or does this meme encapsulate your ads process? Like whatever it might be. So in the preview text it we're showing them that there's going to be a meme in the email and if it were me I'd want to see what the meme was. And so then we just send the meme and my favorite meme to send at this point is if you just go to a meme generator and you just type in Suez Canal it's the one where the bulldozer is trying to dig out the big gigantic ship in the Suez Canal. Yeah, And then we'll just put like your CRM process and then the bulldozer is your team's bandwidth to basically show that your team doesn't have time to to do the thing. And then we just get into the offer after that. I think it just has something to do with making people smile that is what works about it, yeah. And and that when I was doing a pod with Andy, Andy Muehlburn I think is his last name from Austin runs Distribute. Shout out Andy. He calls it the humanization of cold emails. And it's like what can you say in this cold email to just make it seem so human and not try to be that sales guy, that marketer, like just human. And I think that was like one thing that in my head I was like, guys or like to all our team I was like, guys we got to figure out how not to send typical cold emails like we we were for the last year. It's not saying that hey, we got to figure out how to do all this crazy AI stuff. It's like, how can we just make this seem a human wrote it one to one and and is is genuinely trying to help. And actually from Andy, we learned he wanted to send emails and in his second email he wanted to say PS. No, he yeah, he like put his signature and his and his PS if this isn't relevant to you, feel free to tell me to pound sand. And I was like, okay. Yeah. Man, the amount of people who were like, oh huh, that's so funny. I won't tell you to pound sand. And I was like, oh wow, that really worked. And then we'll suggest that for customers and people are like, this is really weird. We really don't want to send it. I'm like, please just try it. I'm I'm just telling you. My my favorite thing to do to get a client to buy in is we just tell them, hey, let's split test it. And and now it's so easy to split test inside of SmartLead. Just AB optimize, whatever, right? And then we're just like, hey, give us your copy. We'll split test it. Or we'll hey, we'll run a copy where we don't have that and we'll split test it. Maybe you're right, maybe I'm wrong. But allow us to split test it and they always would be like, okay, fine. I'll give you guys a shot. Yeah, I agree. I totally agree with that. And and I think that's the right way to go about it. I so flip of subjects and flip of topic. And this is something that I struggle with a lot. So obviously both of us running lead gen agencies, we see so many different businesses and so many different offers and how the market receives it and everything of that sort. Have you like outside of your lead gen agency, have you considered any other like businesses that you want to run or offers that you want to run? Yeah, yeah. As a rule, I force myself to stay focused. Like I just don't even entertain anything. But I I do tell my wife all the time that if we were to start if if cold email would be illegal tomorrow and everything got shut down, my next company, the the fulfillment is just going to be like straight up. Like I'm just going to take out garbage or something. Like because what's what keeps me up at night is even though we might have done everything we said we were going to do for the customer, they still don't get leads and and they're still not happy, and that really it keeps me up at night. And tried a couple of ideas cuz we we get a lot of inbound of people who just want us to build clay tables for them. So, there is a world where we could just pivot, and we could just become a clay table agency. I've thought about running LinkedIn ads as well cuz you could use a lot of the same skills you use for cold email to just run in LinkedIn ads. And then, the other thing, too, is I would focus more on current customers of people instead of So, there's some people who have 20,000 customers, and they need to know that their customer success team should reach out to somebody. Can you hear my dog in the background, by the way? It's It's super polite. She'll be out pretty soon. I thought it was your chair. Yeah, and she Not she. So, they'll have a 20,000 customers, and they need to know, okay, this customer is time to reach out to them cuz they're hiring an SDR, and this is a perfect time for us to expand into the account. And so, I've also thought about doing something like that, and just getting out of cold email, but I I don't even evaluate any other ideas because I'm just like super focused on just this is what we're going to do, and this is how we're going to do it. But, those things are small pivots. I could keep my current team, and we could just go to zero, and then I could just rebuild that, and it would be totally fine. But, if I were to do a full pivot, and just completely get away from it, I would open up kids gymnastics gyms. That was the first job I had in high school. So crazy. Not in high school. College. It was the first job I had, and dude, those they're just money printers. If you could just figure out how to get people into the gym, you have to pay one coach who gets paid $20 an hour. All the kids are paying like $30 per class. You could do eight kids per class. It takes a lot of investment for the equipment, but yeah, I would probably do a gymnastics gym. How would you tackle go to market with that? Facebook ads. It was actually one of my first like marketing experiences. If you literally just put up a Facebook ad of just "Hey, mothers of Paramus, New Jersey, gymnastics classes after school. Register now." Like that you get leads. Like that's the only thing you have to do. It's It's cuz local like local business marketing is in some ways easier than nationwide like SAS marketing and in some ways harder. So in one way, you only have a certain amount of people you can market to, but in the other way, like you're right there and they need a gymnastics gym and that kind of thing. So yeah, like literally one of my first marketing experiences was I just did that and the the owner of the gym was like, "Wow, people are actually messaging us." And I was like, "Yeah, it's crazy." Yeah. No, it's interesting here. I think like whenever I think of another business to start and you obviously have started a lot during WeWork and shut down some and everything of that sort. I I think there's and I I would love your take on the recently just hired BDR. We've been building out our BDR program internally just to set more appointments for our sales team. And it's actually one of those things where I'm like, "Wow, this is something that could work so well." And I think the landscape is shifting in in some degree because so if you think about the issue with with BDR teams it's just like call centers in general and starting it and making it successful. It's like you have a high overhead because you have to have the entire space, then it's like the person, so it's very people heavy, the equipment for them, and then past that data was way more expensive like actual phone number data was expensive, and then the technology wasn't there to run like really good like power dialers and be able to have that to be cheap and affordable and all that. And now I think about it and I'm like, "Dude, all of those things are no longer relevant in today's time." Phone number data, super cheap to get. Find email Lead Magic, either one. You can run a remote call center in my opinion. Like why could we not just get everybody on a Zoom call and just watch them all day long and and then watch their call recordings and assess them by that because that's what you would do in person outside of the coaching, right? And then with a power dialer Sales Finity, great options, pretty affordable. You can run it and build it on top of that. And then with people obviously like offshore talent has gotten way better in the last 3 years and it's only going to get better. And like English is obviously like the language that everyone's consistently getting better at. Like you're going to be able to find more English speaking natural talent in India, Philippines, South Africa, South America more and more as time goes on. And so I always think about it and I was like, I feel like a remote call center is a super good offer. And this is actually really cool feature that SalesFunnels just dropped. So basically what they do and then do you know Robbie from I think his company's called Scale With Sales? Feel like I've heard of this before, but okay, yeah. Yeah, so he's Mo's partner. And so one thing he was telling me that works really well in his like BDR program is he's running his calls and then they're using a parallel dialer. Anybody that doesn't pick up they get a ringless voicemail that's automated. And in the ringless voicemail what he says is like, "Hey, my name is blah blah blah." and it gives them like the soft pitch, soft intro. And he say, "I sent you an email with the subject line purple monkeys with more information. Check it out, it might be in your spam folder. And if you're interested reply back there and we can schedule something, right?" And then it it inside SalesFunnels you can automate whenever they don't pick up to send them an email and add them to a cold email campaign. And totally just have that. And I was like, and then so they're releasing that feature next week. And I'm like, "Oh, dude, we're about to rip on our BDR program." It's like we're in the ringless voicemails, but the the actual like sending of the email and doing that entire function like that's going to rip. And I think right now like a lot of people are trying to figure out how to scale cold email. Which is totally cool. I think a lot of people do it bad. I still to this day have gotten less than maybe five to 10 personalized good cold emails. But I think like cold calling is coming back. What are your what are your thoughts on running that? One, I can just feel all of the the hardcore cold callers who hate cold email just being like, "We told you so." And I can just hear the hate the hate coming. So one that I agree. I think there are so you're having a lot of success with it. I the in the early days of my agency we had a possibility where we could add on cold calling as into our services as well too. I actually did have done before I started my agency I did more cold calling than I actually did cold emailing. So I was actually like ready for that. And the one thing that I couldn't There was two things that I I couldn't get past. One is I haven't picked up a cold call since 2020, since COVID. I've not picked up a cold call. So like you you will just never be able to get me. But that's another thing for people listening, you got to keep in mind too is there's some people who they respond to LinkedIn messages and they don't respond to anything else. There's people who respond to cold emails, they don't respond to anything else. Like there's people who will pick up the phone and they don't respond to anything else. So like every channel has the people that are going to be picking up. That's where I think company like Phone Ready Leads is probably a must-have in some of these Like to just know that you're going to be getting a really high connect rate. Like you it's worth it. The math works. Joey does a great job of posting and making sure that you know, look, this is what your math looks like. There's no reason not to be using. Well, now they're going to tighten X or something. And so there was that and then the other thing that I would just be concerned about cuz you could totally go to market there. The only thing I'd be concerned about is like then you got to become a recruiting machine. And then what happens if you lose five customers, you don't have people for that customer for those people to go to and then you what you got to do? You got to let them go and then you get five new customers you got to bring them back and it's I didn't like that fluctuation there. And but there's tons of people who have done great with call centers. Up Tito, the one of the guys on He's made his entire life's fortune on cold calling and his team is so great at it. And that's I would say the only thing I want to cap off this conversation with is I'm a big fan of copying business models and just seeing what works and then putting your own twist on things. Even like the whole reason I'm in a cold email agency now is because Jesse Willett got me into it and then that this is where we are now. And so I remember being in college, being in business school and when you were supposed to come up with business ideas and plans and all these other things, everyone would make up these crazy businesses. And now I just want to go back to one of those business schools and just be like, look, that's not like do not invent your first business you should not invent anything. Your first business you should just like whatever your like parents do or whatever you're the closest to that you can just see or you've done before, you should just do that. And so anyway, I just So, yeah, totally, if you want to do it, I do support you. Yeah, yeah, absolutely. So, touching on that as well, though, I feel like legion agencies, a cold email agencies specifically, have become in become very popularized. So, I think like the trend during COVID, as well as like pre-COVID, was like the typical like marketing agency, the SMMA. Everyone was dropping courses. I think it was like that and drop shipping. And now it's running Facebook ads for Mets balls. That's a hard business model. Not many people want to do that anymore. And now selling paper lead appointment or paper appointment legion vehicle email, super easy to sell. And so, like the whole market and everyone is pushing courses and teaching people how to build legion agencies in there. What What are your thoughts on that? Just like how popular it's gotten and then and and what it's done to the space. Yeah, it's definitely a factor of instantly breaking the internet with their offer. And cuz data is going to zero, too. Cuz when you think about it, so when I buy an email address with credits on Apollo, and you buy it, there's no marginal cost for them to resell all those credits. And Jeff Bezos says, "Your margin is my opportunity." Right? And so, I I can see a day when somebody is going to do an Instantly version of the data market, and they're going to drop phenomenally good data for free, and totally screw up the market in some ways. And so, it So, all of this definitely had to do with Instantly making it much easier to do and much cheaper. Cuz QuickMail, before that, we were using QuickMail, and it was like $30 per account you wanted to have in there. was really tough. And so, Instantly definitely broke the market on this. I guess what I would say is I I would be I would be lying to my former self if I said it was a bad thing, because I think that running a legion agency, if you have the skills to do it, and as long as you're transparent with people, and you're doing the right thing by people, and you're always trying to do good, I think there's an infinite market for people, and you can constantly I don't think there's going to be such thing as too many legion agencies. There might be something to be said about with all these legion agencies, we've created our own problem where now Google spam filters are updating because Instantly has come out and because SmartLead has come out and all these other things. That's probably true and that is just what comes with it. As far as for people who want to start their own lead gen agency, if you want to make 10 or 20,000 dollars a month, I don't know a better business model to get in as long as you have the skills to be able to do so. I'm definitely not going to sit here and say it's a bad thing because we are I'm sitting in a house that I bought with cold email, but it's definitely something you just got to be aware of. We just know there's a lot of competition and you can just got to take necessary steps to differentiate you for yourself from people and also to just not bash other agencies. Like when people say like this agency was so bad, I'm always like, all right, hold on. They were trying as hard as they could most likely. It's not like they were unless they were truly scammers, they were probably trying as hard as they could. What really happened? And then we like dig into it from there. So, yeah, on that probably a good thing. We'll see in 5 years what it does to spam filters and all that, but yeah. No, yeah, I'm in the same boat. I think one thing it's done is made me level up cuz the space is growing so fast. It's like you have to figure out how to get better. I think for a lot of people in the space like they think of it and it's like the classic thing, right? Like whenever I really started seeing all these internet businesses and I tried my way, it was like, hey, I want to just figure out how to make quick money, right? And like a lot of those people that are in the space and they they they think this is like a simple cash cow and they can make some money right now and and be good. It hardly ever happens and those guys always get wiped out and they all move on to the next shiny business model that they want. But I think yeah, there's still a lot of opportunity for people to to get into the space and grow really substantial businesses and I and I think the I think like a lot of the established like businesses in the space, yourself being included in that, mine as well and and some of the other guys that we know, I think it's going to be easy for us to weather the storms that are coming cuz I think the spam filters are going to get really hard and I think that we've established such a strong foundation not even on like our sales front or marketing front from like a process point, like how we actually service and deliver our customers, how we go about managing a team to make sure they get the results, how we manage like pivoting quick on email it for like all those things that you just don't get until you get experience doing it is like what is going to allow us to weather the storm versus others. And so yeah, I I think I was speaking to Can't remember who I was speaking to. I I was speaking to somebody and they're aren't you scared of all these competition getting into the space? And I'm like not at all. I've been doing it longer than all these guys and we have some of the greatest systems on our back end and greatest ops and greatest people on our team. And not only that, we have the funds cuz we've been building this little checks to treasure chest to be able to not be profitable for 8 months or not make a single dollar for 8 months and still be around. Not many businesses can do that. And so it's just like all those type of things that it makes me like I'm not really scared. I'm not really worried as long as I'm in the steering the ship and I'm able to figure out all these things to make sure our clients get results. I don't think we'll ever be in a bad spot, God willing. And that's what makes me happy though. It's I'm excited for all these guys getting in the space cuz it it it's a hard business. And any business is hard, but it really does make us have to level up because it's like you you have to learn that next thing and you have to always stay on top of the next thing. Otherwise, you could get crushed. And it helps sharpen that like competitive edge of ours. I That's what I like about it a lot. Yep, totally agreed. Awesome. We'll end with this. I actually want to do two cuz I know I sent you a huge list of topics and we're probably running out of time. But and so we'll probably have to do a two-step call which I'd be super down to do. One of the things I I wanted to to talk about with you was just like What's What would you say is like the the craziest random most experiment or cold email campaign that you've ran? Cuz like you do some of obviously I speak to a lot of guys in the lead gen space. Did you run some of the craziest campaigns in terms of just you you're just so creative with them. I'm going to pull this data point. I'm going to pull this data point. And then I'm going to do some crazy mismatch and then I'm going to put it into my coffee and put it Do what's the craziest one you've ran? See, so one I super appreciate that especially coming from you of somebody that like we learned so much from. I would say the craziest campaigns that we run are the like I guess I call them trigger waterfalls where we go we cuz most campaigns are easy by themselves but then there's like crazy ones that if you're launching like 12 different campaigns from a clay table that gets really crazy. So I guess that's something like that. One thing we've done for one company that it works really well but it took a ton of effort was scraping the Facebook ad library for the current ad that somebody was running and they were screenshotting sending it to them in there. That was just crazy from a technical perspective just from all the proxies and everything but it's not that creative it's literally we just took the the email and we just pushed it. Man I'm trying to think of anything. I guess the one of the craziest things that we've worked on as well is for my own outbound which I mean we're very fortunate that we don't really have to run outbound. I don't know if I should say what fortunate cuz I've been posting every day on LinkedIn for 5 years so it also just came from this. Pause up yeah. Yeah it's what I figured out how to do was to send a cold email where I would basically be offering people lists of like free lead list of 5,000 people and we use clay to look at who they would be targeting and who they would want to be selling to and then I use clay agent to go out and find people in their ICP that fit and then in the email I would say hey I was doing research and I saw you want to connect with like CEOs founders and leaders of companies and I saw that the companies you want to target are banks or whatever it might be. I found three leads for you already and then we would send the person's name the title the LinkedIn profile their work email address and their mobile phone number in the email and we'd send three of them and we'd say these are three leads I've already pulled for you if you have any edits for these or these look good let me know and I'll pull 5,000 of them for free. That was another campaign that like took forever to set up but that worked really well for us. It's hilarious. I remember I think I got that cold or you told me about it I can't remember which. What yeah and I was like dude there's no way in hell I'm going to figure out how to do all this on my own unless I pull in my CTO. So, I was like, I'm just going to send people an email saying, "Hey, we do leads on a paper lead basis. You want me to build you a lead list of 5,000 plus people?" And then what? But, it was we totally ripped that from you. I know. And so, one, love the the shout-out. I'm glad it works for you. But, that's the other thing that we've learned, too, is like I used to do crazy things. And that's why it's even hard for me to think of right now because we used to do crazy things. And we still do crazy things right now. Like, we're we're even like we have uh feedly.ai right now set up to find like trial announcements. And then we only email them with the clinical trial. And we're sending the screenshot of the news story and everything. It's way easier to to send screenshots of TechCrunch than it is other things. And so, I still do crazy things. But, I guess what I'm getting so much more focused on is returning back to the basics cuz I can't tell you how many times I would spend 6 hours setting up a campaign and then the messaging wasn't right and just didn't even matter. And so, what we even tell our customers now, too, is let's find the messaging that works. And then when you want to go crazy, we can go crazy. But, let's find that messaging first. And so, like that company we're doing the clinical trial thing for, they came to us and they said, "All right, you win. Our our SDRs aren't going to send emails anymore cuz you've gotten so many more responses than we have. They're just going to do cold calling. We want to take it a step further." And then we're like, "Okay, perfect. Let's talk about how we can go crazy." But, so and that's a perfect example of I went nuts doing that. But, the most important part of the message was just the 5,000 free leads. And I didn't think that was going to work because I get messages of like 5,000 free leads and I just never respond to them. And I guess I was doing my own bias thinking where I don't need 5,000 free leads. I have all the leads already. And that's just another perfect example of how sometimes we take it too far and I'll admit that. So, yeah, you don't even have to take it that complicated. And I think that's a really good point, though. It's going back to the fundamentals and and figuring out how you can execute that at a high level. And that's one of the things that like I feel like a Leadbird we've done a really good job of. It's I think to me fundamentals, right? A simple one that I hardly see any B2B agencies do as well as just like people that are sending cold emails. It's like cleaning the company name. Not saying Leadbird LLC or Growth Engine X LLC. Just saying Leadbird. Or making the title normal instead of saying chief executive officer saying CEO. No one's going to email someone and say, "Hey, I saw that you're the chief executive officer at X." That's they're just going to say So, it's like simple things like that. We've made it to where it's like easy We built an entire API for it to where we could run our list through it automatically when we scrape into be able to do that stuff. And it's past that. It's what is a stupid personalization that we could do? Always grab the reference of the colleague, grab the quick lines. Just like all those things like the the fundamentals that we can scale, we make sure we do that super hard on every client because I think even if they have a a half-baked offer, if you could do that and you could just send enough volume or decent amount of volume, you'll get responses, you'll get positive replies, and you'll get them leads. And then it's once you validate that message, 100% agreed. It's now let's go make it all crazy. Yeah. And so, and another one I'll give you too that maybe you guys can start using this as well is we also find it works really well cuz I always tell people the AI that you use in your campaigns should be so specific to your campaigns that if you were to give it to anybody else, the only people who'd find it valuable is your competitors. And this is the one like AI thing that is not the case. One of the best-performing AI campaigns that we'll run for people is we will either send three ideas as bullet points of how we could help their company or we'll just send one idea. And so, we just train AI on what their company does. So, then when it reviews the company like the prospect that we're going to reach out to, we could say something like, "Hey, on your website, I saw this case study about blah blah blah. How would you like to get more case studies just like them? Not sure if it's fit, but we're helping companies like Reddit and ClickUp run their outbound campaigns. Specifically, I think we can help you connect with more VPs of finance in order to help them do XYZ." And then that line right there, that works really well for us where we just train it like this is what our company Cuz that's another thing. What would a human say? Okay, I'm a human. I'm going to say like I can help you in this specific way. So, then we train the AI on what your company does so that when it sees the prospect's company, it can come up with something. And then we'll write four or five manually cuz it's super cheap to do that in 400 mini. We'll write four or four or five of them manually, so that it looks good on the uh for the email. And that's just another one that just works all the time and it's not even and and it just that that's another one anybody can take and just start using. Yeah, that definitely. Cool, dude. This was great. We just spoke for an hour and 30. We're such nerds. Um we just spoke about cold emails for an hour and 30. I could even keep going. Like, yeah, we could. Dude, I I could, too. But I want to make this two parts, so people actually watch it all the way through. Yeah, let's do it. If you guys found value in this, go spam Eric's LinkedIn. Say that you enjoyed this and then he'll reach out to me and we'll schedule the part two. Cuz I sent him a list of things I wanted to speak about. I think we spoke about three out of the 12 on here. Yeah, I know. Yeah. Still so much to talk about. Yeah, and when you sent me that list, I was like, "Dude, this is maybe the best list that anybody has sent me." And then he was like, "Yeah, I really really want to nerd out about this." So, I was like, "All right, man. Let's rip." So, we'll definitely we'll definitely have to do a part two. But before we leave, is there anything you want to plug or anything that you wanted to say as like a final note? I would want to plug that Export Lists built by Nick is a really great product. And if you're looking for paper lead leads, go to Leadbird. And then we if you want us to run your campaigns for you as well, you could try. But Nick is the operational king on this. There's nothing really for me to plug, man. I've learned so much for you from you. It's just great that we can connect at this level now. And I can't wait to do another part two. Appreciate that. I I wanted you to shout yourself out, but I know I'm going to Hey, we appreciate the love. Dude, thanks so much. Hope you have a great weekend. And yeah, we'll get part two going. Absolutely.